Do you like musics
Yes. I like classical musics.
How many people do you absolutely, 100 percent trust?
Throwing yourself a party and get yourself a really nice gown.
Do you ever?
I don't do "Bloody hell, I'm Oprah Winfrey."
Did you really?
Yes.
What does it mean to you to actually have a network in your own name?
I would have to say it is really difficult for me still to wrap my brain around what all of that really means.
Why are you pushing for me to do this?
We had a seduction through e-mail.
How many people do you absolutely, 100 percent trust?
Probably five.
Who would they be?
I'm not naming them.
Can I guess?
You can guess.
Are they people that we would know?
Yes.
How did she react to what you were saying?
Gayle didn't see it until we were actually in Australia.
Go along with the program?
Could you just touch me.
Did you just say running a ship?
A newspaper is quite like a ship.
Did he just say?
There are two people I would never swear in front of.
Do like being famous?
That's a good question, provocative question.
You don't like cricket?
Cricket is fine.
You were talking about Australia?
We went there.
How do you beat that?
Actually it was not piloted by John.
Spiritual moment?
No, don't go there.
Are you a tough boss?
No, I'm not a tough boss.
Might you define your definition of "tough"?
I suppose demanding.
Where would you say you're tough?
I would say that I'm tough in that I'm always looking for the best in myself and I want you to also present that for yourself and for the overall goal that we share if you are working for me.
One-hundred?
One-hundred.
You don't like losing though, do you?
It's OK.
What's been one of the most hurtful things you've had to hear or read about yourself?
More "Piers Morgan Tonight" coming up.
ORGAN: I know you hate this phrase but what is your brand do you think?
I'm the love brand.
Aren't we all, darling?
I'm of love brand.
You like to shower love around?
That's really what it is.
How many times have you been properly in love?
Boy, you're good.
By properly do you mean was it really love?
Where it hurts your heart.
You had your heart broken three times?
Only two.
ORGAN: Who are they?
I'm not naming them so they can call me up tomorrow.
I was just curious -- as you say your brand is love, when it doesn't work and you love somebody passionately and it just doesn't happen for whatever reason, how did you feel about that?
When I look back to the relationship that I thought that really broke my heart, I was keeping a journal then.
Do you really?
Yes, I do.
Do you have them all?
I have them all.
Why have you kept them?
I don't know.
Do you still read them?
No, I haven't read them in years.
What else have you got in there?
That's about it.
INFREY: What about him?
I tell you who he reminds me of.
Who?
The Duke of Edinburgh, Prince Phillip.
Oh, really?
Yes, really.
So when was that moment that you knew it was more than just a good relationship, it was special?
I think actually I had been betrayed by somebody in my family who had gone to the tabloids for, you know, $20,000 had sold me out.
You looked at him and thought, "I love this man"?
No, I looked at him and thought here's something who is willing to stand in and stand up for you.
Do you ever argue?
INFREY: No because it's a waste of time, because I do the "Oprah Show," "excuse me, excuse you."
Really?
No.
Have you?
No.
You never had therapy?
No.
I need it?
No, but I'm saying I've never had a day's therapy and God knows I could have used some.
I just kind of assumed you would have at some stage had therapy?
No.
Who?
You.
Period?
I'm just not the marrying kind.
I mean, you know all those presents you could have?
Oh, have a really nice party with the guest list and the seating on the table and all that.
ORGAN: Do you ever wish you'd been a mother?
No, no, not in that, I wish I'd been a mother way.
Does any part of you ever wonder what would have happened if you'd had that child?
No.
Did you really?
Oh, for sure.
Did you ever tell your father that you had been pregnant?
No, hid it.
Did you come close to doing that?
No, not -- you know, I did stupid things like, you know, drinking detergent and all that kind of crazy stuff that you do when you're trying to get attention, when you're really just trying to cry for help.
As someone who aspires to be a teacher -- and in many ways you are a teacher -- if you were giving an academic report on President Obama, what would you say, good and bad, pluses, minuses?
I couldn't because I haven't paid enough attention to the curriculum to --
At all?
I really do not.
Will you play a hypothetical game with me?
Mm-hmm.
Where's your lane?
My lane is evolving the consciousness of people everywhere, getting people to see the best of themselves and, therefore, the best in other people.
No?
Not at all.
Who knows the American people better than you?
INFREY: Well, I might be in a position to talk to -- to be an adviser.
How many people do you employ?
Right now, 464 at Harpo.
And it's a billion-dollar-plus business, right?
All the businesses.
How do you get America back on its feet?
I don't know the answer to that.
You still write all the checks?
I don't write all of them now.
How many of them do you sign?
I sign all the checks that are over 100,000 dollars, and that's a lot of checks.
How many?
INFREY: Oh, probably, you know, several hundred.
Of over 100,000 dollars each?
Yes.
Do you feel pain?
The most pain I feel is -- and my accountants will tell you this.
The one that's caused you most agony?
You're good.
Are you worth that?
I'm not sitting around counting it.
So how do you know without counting it?
Because I already have counted it.
Do you know how much?
No, I really don't, but I know it's more than 300 million dollars.
Really?
Yes, of course.
Well, what do you think of the old saying, you know, money can't buy you happiness?
It can certainly pave the way for it.
Oprah, what is it you do best?
Yes.
Are you as happy now, do you think, as you've ever been?
I'm happier than I've ever been.
Oh, is it?
January 17.
Why would you?
INFREY: I would because I hold him in reverence.
How have I done?
I -- you have been surprising.
Do you like musics?
Yes, i like classical musics.
Howard Stern, how much of his private parts did he show?
You've got that (INAUDIBLE) clause.
Yes?
-- I remember being dragged into this sort of side dungeon and one of your producers saying, OK, this is how this works.
Do you like Larry?
I love Larry King.
I want to have a third show, all right?
Listen, I like you.
Who's going to buy into that?
It was also true.
But you've never denied being the king of all media?
No, I am the king of all media.
Does that make you the king?
Yes.
Who's going to care?
I want to play you a clip.
When is he starting?
I don't know.
No one's watching that thing anyway?
Well, you -- it's not on.
But you don't apologize?
No, I want you to be successful.
What is the secret of being a long-time, successful entertainer in America, do you think?
I think you have to have a sense of yourself.
If you've got the money that you made, the success you've enjoyed, the status and everything that comes with it, what would motivate you to get out of bed at 3:30, 4:00 every day to carry on doing this?
I don't know.
Do they listen to the show?
I think -- my parents listen every day.
And how often does he say to you, "Great show, Howard"?
Rarely.
Once your dad's called you a genius, you've had all the success and the money, I'm curios as to what makes you, Howard Stern, at 4:00 in the morning, when everyone else is asleep, say, getting out of bed and I'm going to back into battle on the show that often drives me crazy, I'm not even sure I enjoy it?
I think it's my identity.
Insecurity?
TERN: Oh, absolutely.
Are you -- are you sex mad?
I'm fascinated by sex.
What did you say to them when you examined them?
TERN: I said -- well, I said, they're beautiful.
Then what happens?
It's nothing.
What?
They were there with their boyfriends.
How did the boyfriends feel?
They seemed to be proud to show --
You said yes or no?
The answer was no for me.
You never cheated?
No.
You're always being faithful?
I've been faithful.
Really?
Yes.
Why are you shocked by that?
ORGAN: It's a kind of contradiction.
Are you really?
Yes.
Would you say physically impaired?
No.
You want to really get into this?
I do.
How many inches are you?
I'm not getting into that.
Have you ever measured?
I'm interviewing you.
Have you ever taken Viagra?
Never.
Never tried it?
No, I don't need it.
Have you ever taken any drug?
Oh, yes, I've had a history with drugs.
Even though you went through that kind of experience?
But for myself, I do not -
As a father, do you actually believe in legalizing drugs as a father?
I do.
Would you like your kids to have access free to illegal drugs?
I think that if my -- I think my kids are very strong, they have their heads together.
What are you thoughts when you look at that picture?
Well, Beth is my best friend.
Where is your wife?
My wife's not here, luckily.
Are you never about three months down the road?
No.
About what?
This interview is doing pretty well.
How much was your new five-year deal with?
Well, listen, you know, I've never released financial deals although I read in the paper every day how much I'm worth every day.
You didn't?
No, I never took a pay cut.
More or less?
I'm doing -- I'm going to be doing less hours.
More or less than the last deal, as a salary?
I would say it's about the same.
A little more for a little less work?
That's right.
It was a better deal for you?
A better deal.
When you announced the deal, the stock price went up by 20 percent, presuming you have stock?
Well, listen, yes, I do have stock.
But who knows?
Let me show you the first deal, because we can talk about that now.
So, they were restricting you too much with the fines?
They were -- they were driving me insane.
Are you?
Yes.
You don't dispute being worth hundreds of millions -- maybe even a billion -- you worth a billion?
No.
Are you worth a quarter of an Oprah?
Oprah is worth way more money than I am.
Does that annoy you?
Yes.
That the queen of all media is worth more than you?
I mean, Oprah -- Oprah was in syndication.
What did you think of what he did to Conan O'Brien?
And as far -- he did a terrible thing to Conan O'Brien.
I mean, wasn't it just business, really?
No.
It -- it's such a -- you ever read Bill Carter's book on it?
Sure.
-- and someone else comes along?
But he had made certain guarantees to Conan.
Well, how is it that you're number one in -- in what you do?
Yes.
Who do you most admire in your business?
Well, Letterman being one of them.
When is this show going off the air?
Probably the moment this show finishes.
Is it real -- that hair?
The hair is real, and I -- and I --
And you dye it, obviously?
I do not color it.
What?
-- I have some gray in it.
Really?
Yes.
Do you feel -- does it make you feel virile?
I am virile.
Are you -- are you romantic?
Yes, I think so.
Just ask Howard, is he good in bed?
Well, you know, I -- that's a tough one.
How many have said no?
Well, you know, listen.
With happiness, or with despair?
No.
I don't know, you watch porno?
Well no.
What's your real view?
My real view is this, that it -- it's a sad day when I -- I interview many porno stars and I'm fascinated by their lives, because I say, you know, the -- the parents must be like out of their minds.
Or do you feel uneasy?
First of all, David is a friend of mine.
So as his friend, though, when it backfires, did you feel uneasy about it?
I wrote him an e-mail immediately.
You meant it as a bit of a joke, right?
Well, a joke -- I started to believe it.
Are you -- are you tempted to go again?
No.
What do you think it's come to?
I think America is the greatest country in the world.
TERN: He left for a personal reason?
I'm not going to tell you.
How big is your penis?
Bigger than yours.
And when you see Miley Cyrus, Justin Bieber dominate, what do you think?
I love watching these -- like Miley Cyrus grow up and then start taking all her clothes off.
An age thing?
Well, yes.
Do you worry about getting old?
No.
Could you imagine being 80 and happy?
TERN: I don't know.
Well what's been -- what's been the moment in your life which, if you had five minutes to live, you would have again?
Oh.
Did he ever tell you that he loves you?
Yes.
In the end, you are just a shameless little plugger, aren't you?
Yes.
Condoleezza Rice, is it more fun being in power or is it more fun after power?
Well it's certainly different being out of power.
But in practical reality what can you now do you couldn't do, that you missed?
Well, it's less of what I can do now that I couldn't do then than -- there isn't the sort of relentlessness of the days.
Did you ever imagine in your wildest dreams that one day you'd be in there?
Well I was going to be a concert pianist.
Because you're a mad football nut, aren't you?
I'm a mad football --
What values did they give you?
Well, that was what was extraordinary.
And why would you convince yourself that you had done this terrible, God-forsaken job?
ICE: Well, because there's no greater challenge and there is no greater honor than to be in public service.
You're not far off, are you?
Well no, I'm -- I'm pretty far from that.
Anything you want to share with me?
Not really.
Nothing but a sniffle?
Well, not a sniffle.
How?
And I --
How -- how do you stop getting a cold?
Well, you --
What are they?
ICE: You don't get colds.
Keeping fit -- did you drink alcohol when you were in office?
Well, occasionally.
Did you drink alcohol?
Sure, occasionally.
-- can you ever actually get intoxicated?
Of course not.
Are you still absurdly fit?
I'm still fit.
Every day?
Every day.
Why do you do this?
Because I like to exercise in the morning and I like to have the whole day before me after I exercise.
How -- how long do you do it for?
About an hour.
Pump weights?
I do cardio.
Kick boxing?
I do some kick boxing.
Do you?
I do.
Who do you think of when you're smashing the -- the bag?
I don't think.
Do you really?
Hmm.
It must be a great sadness, isn't it?
Well, I have to -- first of all, Birmingham was not an easy place grow up if you were black, but I was fortunate to live in a very loving family, very loving community.
Did he make you tough?
Well, certainly, I think I had -- I have, perhaps part of my father's personality.
What would he have made of what happened to you?
Well, he knew a little bit because he died in 2000.
She'd been amazed, do you think?
Well I think she would have been amazed.
What kind of woman was she?
My mom was a lady in the nicest sense of the term.
To use the language of the gun in --in that kind of way?
Well, the fact is that our politics is pretty rough.
But should it -- should it be that rough?
-- experienced it myself.
What about towards -- what about towards opponents?
Well, let me just say -- all of that said, I would like to see the politics cool down.
How's President Obama doing, do you think?
Well, I'm very fond of the president personally.
But could you have been tempted, do you think, in other circumstances, to vote for President Obama?
Well, I think that he is a fine person and he's doing his best for this country and I was personally quite gratified that America elected a black president.
Would you do it?
He doesn't need me in his administration.
Hypothetically?
I don't do hypothetical, Piers.
Would you -- would you join the Tea Party?
Well, let me -- let me finish with the --
Because if -- if your party gets split by her and the Tea Party, isn't that a big problem for you?
Well, there's a long logic chain there.
Could you win with her do you think?
I -- I have no -- I do international politics.
-- you're not fearful of that candidate being Sarah Palin?
I -- I'm not fearful of the -- the candidates that are on the horizon.
But you can't ever win a war on terror, can you?
Of course you can.
How?
You can win this war against the extremist who did what they did to us on September 11th.
Are we winning the war in Afghanistan?
I do think we're winning the war in Afghanistan, but it's very, very slow.
I mean, is there not an absolutely obvious problem here, which is the moment you set a time table, the Taliban -- they know their terrain, they disappear, they regroup, they wait?
Well I don't like time tables, to be quite frank.
Does it worry your, as somebody who in terms of personal probity has never been questioned, a woman of integrity, that you're doing business with President Karzai, who most people would say on the ground is, you know, borderline corrupt?
There's a lot of corruption in Afghanistan.
Would that concern you?
Of course -- of course.
How do you choose?
Well, the same set of circumstances may not lead you to the same set of tools.
-- Ahmadinejad?
ICE: Well I think he was certainly a very dangerous man.
If you were -- if you were still a secretary of state, and Saddam Hussein was still alive, you can't tell me now knowing what we know about all these countries, that you wouldn't be kept awake more by North Korea and Iran than you would by Iraq, would you?
Oh, I would -- I would certainly -- kept -- well first of all, you don't have to make a choice.
Do you regret now using the weapons of mass destruction as a pretext of war?
Piers, the fact is that what you know today can affect what you do tomorrow, but not what you did yesterday.
You wouldn't dispute that?
Well, I don't dispute that he didn't have stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction.
-- or would you?
No, I think the mistake -- and this was a mistake -- was to put a spotlight simply on the weapons of mass destruction.
That he was told to go and do this, and effectively sold the -- the reasons for this war on the evidence which actually turned out to be bogus?
Well, the reasons for this war, again, were that Saddam Hussein was a threat --
But you're aware that there was a misconception by a number of Americans that Saddam must have been involved in 9-11?
Of course, and it was a reasonable question to ask after 9-11.
That is a price worth paying, you think?
Given the centrality of the Middle East to American security and to the security of the free world, absolutely.
How have you avoided being snared in the marital trap?
Well, actually I live in California now.
How close have you come?
I've come close.
How many times?
I'm not going there.
Do you hold out hope?
Sure.
Did you dream of a fairy tale wedding?
No.
You're quite a catch; aren't you?
Well, thank you.
Are you romantic?
Of course.
How does it manifest itself?
Well, I love romantic music and romantic movies and --
Are you -- are you high maintenance?
No, of course not.
Really?
Yes.
You don't know what gumbo is?
No.
Is it meat, fish, or is it?
It's -- it's seafood and sausage in a very, very thick sauce.
So on this hypothetical date, I've had gumbo and I'd be watching which football team?
Uh, the Stanford Cardinals these days.
Not all night as well?
ICE: Yes.
Really?
Yes.
Really?
I can imagine that.
What are you 30?
Thank you.
Thirty-nine?
We'll leave it at that .
That's not going to get your juices flowing, is it?
ICE: It's not going to get my juices flowing.
Playing -- oh, so you consider being a university professor little league; do you?
Compared to Secretary of State.
The moment you'd relive again if you got the chance?
Playing with Yo-Yo Ma.
Really?
Yes.
-- you've been a very naughty boy, haven't you?
OK.
You know what happens to naughty boys back in Britain?
Oh, this is getting weird.
Larry King never did this?
You know what happens to naughty boys, Ricky.
Do you feel remotely remorseful?
No.
What have I done wrong?
You said these terrible things about these pampered prima donnas in Hollywood.
Well, what did I say that was so bad?
Let me remind you.
So you just conveniently came up with that line?
Yes.
What exactly?
I mean, that was a tea party compared to your standup.
What is your aim at?
I want to make people laugh, and I want to do a good job, but on my terms, really.
What, you mean officials?
With the Globes, for example.
So, the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, they have no warning of what's coming?
No, not at all.
Do you really think he's hurt that I didn't like "The Tourist"?
Well, I like your confidence.
Are there any limits in comedy?
There's nothing you shouldn't joke about.
OK?
You take the art of comedy pretty seriously.
I don't know, Ashton Kutcher, Bruce Willis?
No.
Bruce was there, right?
Yes.
Was he joking?
Of course he was joking.
How do you know?
ERVAIS: Because I've met him, and he's got a great sense of humor.
Did you meet him afterwards?
No, no, no.
You know?
But do you care -- let me ask you --
Do you care about what they may be going through in their private lives?
Well, I don't know if they have an addiction.
If you did, would it make a difference?
Also, I'm not judging them.
You're mocking them, aren't you?
No I'm not.
What's up with that?
Well, if you're a believer in God, if you're a Christian, as many tens of millions in America are --
What, because I'm saying I don't believe in God?
Yes, because you're kind of mocking them there.
Is that right?
Yes.
And what happened to change your mind then?
I used to go to Sunday school all the time, I believed in -- well, you've got to realize that when you're a working class kid -- I came from a very poor, working class background.
What do you think will happen to you?
I'll be rewarded now.
But when you die, what do you think happens?
People who liked me will remember me.
Are you a spiritual person?
Well, not in that sense.
Why?
I don't believe there's anything after.
When you see lists like that, you must laugh, don't you?
Oh, I love it.
Anything you want to say?
Yes.
I mean, you're a good-looking lad, but it's pretty camp, isn't it?
It's much more than camp.
And Spandau?
Yes, of course.
You're proud of yourself?
I know and that -- and that's got about three or four socks down there.
And you still can't tell, can you?
But you used to be -- when "The Office" came out, the great thing about you was --
Yes?
-- you were just chunky, chubby Ricky --
What was the point when you went -- how -- how heavy were you when you went that's enough?
Fourteen stone.
Right, you made it; you worked hard to get it, I can't blow this; I've got to now play this game seriously?
Not then, no.
Really?
Yes, yes, I didn't -- I didn't ever worry about my weight.
How much have you lost?
About 25 pounds.
And how have you done it?
Working out.
ORGAN: Any nip and tuck?
Oh, Jesus, no.
No?
No, nothing.
No?
But I've -- I've -- I have those things on --
Have you got vainer, do you think, since you've been a TV and film star?
No.
Do you like being famous?
No.
Not at all?
No, no.
Are you -- are you easy to live with?
Yes, I am.
Would Jane say that?
Yes.
You just don't believe in God, so what's the point?
No.
Is that a deliberate, conscious decision?
Yes.
Why?
ERVAIS: Yes.
I'll bet you'd be a good dad, wouldn't you?
I -- I -- oh, I love kids.
Do you feel lucky to have someone like Jane, then?
Of course.
Without being cheesy about it, what has been the secret to it?
There's no secret.
Well, that's -- that's important, isn't it?
And that, after 25 years or more, is a pretty amazing achievement --
What did she say to you after the Globes this year?
She said I've -- I've got the fast car, here's your disguise and I've got two tickets to Cuba.
Is that true?
It is true, but it was meant to be a secret one.
What's the part you play?
I just bump into Steve Carell.
So you play David Brent?
Yes, you just act like an idiot.
When you first saw Steve Carell playing his version, did you feel like I did, ah, what a relief, he can do it?
Oh yeah.
Did Steve tell you that he was leaving the American version?
Yeah, well, I sent him an email saying I think you did the right thing.
If you could be trapped on a desert island with three other comedians in history, who would they be?
Laurel and Hardy would count for two of them straight away.
Comedian?
The funniest man you've ever seen or woman in America.
If you had five minutes left to live, what's the joke you'd tell?
There's four jokes I just realized I can't tell.
It is two season and bang?
No, not at all.
Which is a brilliant question, isn't it?
A great question.
Are you mad?
No.
Did you ever imagine you'd be too busy to be in three of the greatest franchises in movie history?
I knew they were good.
But did you ever think, when you were a young Ricky Gervais, that you could ever be in that position, to turn movies down like that?
ERVAIS: I never thought about I'd ever be offered a movie.
How many DVDs have you sold?
Probably about seven or eight million.
So how rich are you?
Oh, come on.
Are you richer than him?
No.
What were the values that they instilled in you, do you think?
Work hard and pay your way.
And do you?
Yes.
Do you get to enjoy the fruits of your hard work, you think?
No, I enjoy the hard work.
What values do you think they instilled in you as a young -- a young George?
My father taught me never to mix grain and grape at a very young age.
What -- what's been going on there?
.
What do you say to the skeptics?
Well, charity should begin at home and there's a tremendous amount of work being done and certainly we have to pay attention to -- you know, we haven't really dealt with Katrina.
How much emotional energy are you expending on this?
I spend, you know, hours a day on it.
Why does this cause mean so much to you?
I have to say, you have a very nice tie and I know you -- you could be George.
How -- how close have you come to getting hurt?
You know, not really.
Have you discovered that you're braver than you may have thought you were?
No.
As a father, do you worry about George when he goes off on these crusades there?
The answer to that question is yes.
Why -- why are you constantly fighting this kind of uphill struggle?
I think -- I think a lot of times and I think most newsmen would agree, my father being one of them, that it's not just necessarily hard news sell the Sudan, it's a hard news sell virtual -- many, many of the hot spots around the world that it's, you know, it's hard to get Burma on the news.
Nick, as George's father again, do you get incensed on his behalf?
You bet.
And do you -- do you use maybe juicier language than that?
Almost never.
George, do you -- do you believe there's going to be peace in Sudan in the next few years or are you quite pessimistic about that?
No.
Are you worried for your own personal safety that the more high-profile you get?
No.
First of all, what was your feeling when those photographers decided to exact their horrific revenge and lay down their cameras?
Well, I love the fact that -- that they covered themselves not taking pictures.
Really?
It's not just the Sudan.
Do they have any rights to privacy when they do that?
You know, I have no -- I couldn't really argue for or against that issue.
Is there some way that a person may be allowed to go out and have dinner with his family or her family without having a camera in the nose of the three year old?
Having whacked the media, I guess, for that part of it, obviously -- maybe come back to you, George, here.
So there is the -- I mean, there is a deal with the devil to be struck, isn't there, when it's important?
Well, the -- the -- but the deal is struck long before, you know, I got involved.
What -- where do you think the line should be drawn here?
You know, look, I thought that President Obama gave, as he does when -- when he needs to -- he gave one of the greatest speeches I've heard in a long, long time.
It can't be any worse than being a movie star, can it?
Really, I mean, honestly, my job is as good as they get.
I -- do you think he's better looking than I am?
No, no.
Because we see that working so well right now?
You've got to hope, George.
Is this a half-an-hour show?
We're making it a three-parter, now.
What values do you think they instilled in you as a young -- a young George?
My father taught me never to mix grain and grape at a very young age.
But to be serious -- to be serious, what -- what did they teach you?
Now, listen, you know, I'm very lucky.
What -- what's been the proudest you've ever been of George and also the least proud?
Well let's see, the proudest I have been of George is -- you know, there's something about -- let me put it this way.
ORGAN: What's the naughtiest he's ever been would you say?
You know, naughty, yes.
What was -- what was important to you that when he grew up, he -- he'd adhere to a certain code of behavior as far as you're concerned?
You know, Piers, I know what -- I know what you mean here and I'd like to think that I had something to do with both of the kids and how they turned out.
But if you were to actually take your life to date, if you could replay one moment in your life before you die, what would it be?
Well, you know, I was thinking about that when you asked the question.
But it turns out it's actually this -- I mean you -- you do get malaria flare ups quite regularly, do you?
No.
Oh, you wouldn't swap his life for yours?
Not at all.
That's a great title, is it?
It's perfect one.
George, is he right?
Exactly.
Do you think you'll ever -- will you ever re-marry, George?
Here we go.
I'm allowed one, am I?
-- for the last segment to pull it out.
Piers, are you married?
I just got re-married.
Oh, you did?
ORGAN: Yeah.
Really?
Yeah.
You could give it all to these people?
Well, I don't think -- I don't ever wish I wasn't super rich.
Would you tell them that?
I will.
Do you think he's going to run?
I think he might.
David Frost?
I want to know this.
How are you?
Nice to be with you.
Or better?
It wouldn't be better.
Is it easier coming when you're not a favorite?
I think being the front-runner is tough.
Isn't it worth paying more money?
Maybe.
What is your view of Sarah Palin?
My view of Sarah Palin is she is the most dynamic figure maybe in politics, even more in some ways than President Obama, who is a little more scripted than she is.
Is she right?
Except for the use of the word, absolutely right on.
Which word?
Blood libel.
Why do you do that unless it's inherently, you think it's wrong?
Because you know what the media is going to do.
Would you have ever done -- I don't know if you ever did -- but what you have ever done a website of your own which had crosshairs aimed at political targets?
Not if I had thought about it.
Given the furor, though, do you think it would now be prudent for politicians to not do that?
Of course it would.
Is Sarah Palin too polarizing to win against Barack Obama?
You know, it depends.
But against President Obama?
It depends on the job he does.
Would you be more tempted to run if she wasn't?
Maybe the opposite.
Really?
Maybe the opposite because my one chance, if I have a chance, is that I'm considered a moderate Republican.
Do you agree on some of the outpourings of the Tea Party bordering on bigotry?
I find some of the outpourings of all of these movements bordering on extremist.
Isn't that bad for American society?
Sure.
So isn't there a real inherent danger?
No, I don't think so.
Why are you creating two parties?
No, I don't think so.
If you were him, what would you be saying?
If I were him, I would be saying the State of the Union is strong, which I do think it is.
What should he be saying?
First of all he should be saying it's strong.
Is it eight?
Yes.
Would you raise taxes?
Absolutely not.
Can you honestly say that?
Yes.
But is it as simple as that, really?
We collect taxes.
Did you know Bernie Madoff?
I did not.
When you were mayor, you had no inkling of what he was up to?
No.
Rudy, the war in Afghanistan isn't working, is it?
It hasn't come to the result we want yet.
If I invite you back in 2015, do you honestly think that there will be any kind of tangible victory in Afghanistan?
I think there could be, yes.
Or Iraq?
Probably all three.
Using the same yardstick of argument that you used with Saddam Hussein?
I think it would be a mistake right now to invade Iran.
And I'm assuming North Korea presumably?
North Korea is a different situation which we can talk about different things involving North Korea.
Do you believe fundamentally that America should be doing more of these trips?
Absolutely, absolutely.
Would you meet with Hezbollah, with al Qaeda?
It would depend on what could be accomplished.
But as a principle, you believe it is probably time that America talked more to its enemies?
If America has the objective of obtaining advantages from it.
Would you meet this group again?
Absolutely.
Given that Pakistan and countries like that are clearly unstable and in possession of a number of weapons, is this really the right time for America to be downgrading?
I didn't think so.
Is America as susceptible now to another attack like that as it was then, do you think?
IULIANI: Probably less, for the simple fact that they're looking for it more.
Are you surprised, in a good way, that there hasn't been another huge attack on American mainland in the last decade?
Very surprised.
How did you hear what had happened?
One of the police officers that was with me came up to my counsel, Denny Young, who was having breakfast with me, and Bill Simon was the third person.
What are you now thinking?
IULIANI: I'm thinking how do I get air support for the city.
Why did you say that?
I thought if I said a number like 12,000, it would -- it would just create even more fear, more shock, possibly even panic.
If you had been the president?
Being the president is very different, because there is a whole obligation.
Why would you do that, Rudy?
My staff used to then tease me and say oh, gee, we have a little more Anthrax.
How did you take that?
That's not an official position.
Is there ever a day when you don't think about 9/11?
No, not a day.
How did you feel when the 9/11 Health Care Bill was being debated and there were Republicans who did not want that to go through?
I was annoyed with using it as a political device.
-- that transcend politics?
thought that one transcends politics.
What do you think America learned about itself after 9/11?
That we're very resilient, that we can take the worst attack in our history and we can come back from it.
What was it like being knighted by the queen of England?
It was fascinating.
Did you regularly dress up in women's clothes?
I did it two or three times as part of --
Would you have rather been a great movie star, do you think?
No, I think I -- I had a much better career than I ever expected.
How is marriage the third time around?
It's fabulous.
How do you feel about that?
You don't feel good about it, because it affects your family.
Did you have any big regrets about the impact of your political life on your family life?
Sure, I guess you'd wished if you had gone back, you had done it better, done it differently.
What would you say has been the best day of your life?
Probably the same day.
Out of an attempt to really demoralize and destabilize America, oddly unity and strength came out of that?
Yes.
Would you come back nearer the time of the anniversary?
Yeah, I will.
Is homosexuality a sin in your eyes?
Yes, I've always believed, Piers, the scripture shows that it's a sin.
You are, as -- as I said at the top of this show, you are a kind of rock star, aren't you?
You know, I never think of it that way, Piers.
What do you call it?
Well, we call it a service.
Twenty-five minutes?
Yes.
So you have a 25 minute address which you memorize, right?
I do.
Do you ever use notes?
Well, I write -- I type what I'm going to say.
Why have you emerged as the -- the big telegenic superstar do you think of this genre?
You know, I don't know.
What is the state of America spiritually right now, do you think?
Well, I'm an optimist.
What do you think is the reality?
You know, I see it both ways.
Do you feel that America needs to change its direction?
I think in -- in one sense that we do need to change in -- like has been talked about a lot now -- to let go a little bit of the anger.
Something that's supposed to bring you hope and harmony and peace often has a completely direct affect, doesn't it?
It does.
Do you try and calm people down?
No.
What do you do as a preacher of such influence?
You know, my encouragement would always be to obviously not use violence, to be peaceful.
-- is the way you speak?
Exactly.
Were you allowed to be a naughty boy, Joel?
You know, I didn't -- I never -- I never got off into drugs.
Never tried any of that stuff?
I never did.
Do you drink?
I never drank.
You never drink alcohol?
Still don't.
Never had a drop?
Never had.
Not even a tiny, little drop?
I think, I --
Sneak in the back of the bike shed?
You know, one time we would --
When your dad wasn't looking, a little drop of cider?
No.
Do you drink?
Yes.
You -- you don't smoke?
No.
Never taken drugs?
No, don't take drugs.
You know?
Yes.
Well, what values did your father instill in you?
I think he instilled in me several.
Or do you believe that some people are simply born evil?
No.
Well, when you see someone like Adolf Hitler?
Yes.
Was he born evil do you think?
You know, I don't know.
Do you -- you feel genuine forgiveness towards him?
You know, I may not right now.
Right now, you find it hard to forgive him?
No.
What was the greatest lesson he taught you?
I think the greatest lesson -- well, I think probably the greatest lesson is just to be true to who you are, to follow your own heart.
Did he ever whack you?
Sure.
Really?
Yes.
Do you -- do you -- do you whack your kids?
We really didn't.
Never?
Maybe a couple times.
Really?
I'm the mean one --
-- when does that fuse finally go?
Well, I've really never seen it go.
Isn't that unbelievable?
Come on, Victoria.
Isn't that unbelievable?
He must have a temper.
Like a fist fight?
Yes.
Never?
Never have.
Really?
Very competitive.
Guilty?
We are guilty.
How many books have you sold?
I think I've sold close to 20 million.
Twenty million books?
That's all the by product and all that stuff.
DVDs?
Well, a lot of those too.
How many DVDs?
I don't even know a figure.
Do you know how much you're worth?
I never dwell on it.
Is it -- is there a contradiction there between saying, you know, "God wants us all to be rich," if actually you're the only rich guy standing there?
Well, again, I don't say that.
But do you want me to be rich?
I want you to be rich in health, in relationships.
How much do you think I should have?
You know, I don't know.
And what would you say, Victoria?
No.
Could you be happy and poor though, again?
Absolutely.
Do you not?
I am so --
Well, let's 20 million books, however many million DVD -- what other income do you have other than those?
That's about it.
And we're talking like tens of millions of dollars, right?
It's been a lot.
Do you ever feel guilty?
I don't ever feel guilty because it comes from -- it's God's blessings on my life.
And you don't get paid by the church, do you?
No.
You know that?
Oh, yes.
You've seen the criticism?
Yes.
-- what is wrong with being a prosperity preacher?
Well, that's my whole thing.
Do you know?
Oh, our church has raised millions and tens and -- you know, I don't even --
Do -- do you know how much?
No.
Have you?
Yes.
Which obviously I don't think either of you two were born into great wealth, right?
No.
Is homosexuality a sin, in your eyes?
Yes, I've always believed, Piers, the scripture shows that it's a sin.
Say, "Come on, really upset your mother and dad here," you know?
Yes.
The song is on guitar?
Yes.
What do you -- what do you feel when you watch that?
You know, I'm so proud.
Which celebrities do you think are good role models?
You know --
Taylor Swift?
Yes, she does.
What is your -- is homosexuality a sin in your eyes?
Yes.
So when you see civil partnerships being sanctioned, you think that's wrong, presumably?
Well, yes.
But why are they sinners in your eyes?
Well, it's strictly back to what the scripture says.
What would you say to him?
-- man, I would say "I love you, Elton John.
Aren't you?
Well, to me, I just -- I'm not -- I'm not the one to judge and say, you know, who's bad and who's good.
What do you -- how do they change -- what do they have to do to change to be better people?
Well, I believe it's -- I don't know that I understand it all.
Joel, is it true that you have never had a single date with a woman, or anybody for that matter, until you met Victoria?
I had not had a formal date.
Really?
I was busy playing sports.
How old were you when you met Victoria?
I was about 22.
ORGAN: So 22 and never been kissed?
No.
Victoria?
I had opportunity to break him in right.
Had you -- had you had boyfriends before?
Yes.
So both of -- both of you -- this was the first serious relationship?
It was.
Was it -- was it love at first sight?
I tell people for me it was.
I mean, they have to be pretty strict, right?
Well, he wasn't a preacher.
That's "Son of a Preacher Man," isn't it?
Well, we -- we --
Were you very chivalrous?
I don't know what that means.
But are there any annoying aspects to Joel that we should be aware of?
I know there's --
-- what -- what annoys you about him?
I'm probably way more spontaneous than he is.
Have you been drinking today?
That was -- that was when I was a lot younger.
But when you heard him say that, what was your reaction?
I cracked up.
Did you?
I thought it was funny.
What's been the single greatest moment of your life outside of marriage and children?
Outside of marriage and children, outside of knowing the Lord -- coming to -- coming to know the Lord.
The -- the moment you'd like to relive again if you had the chance?
You know, I think it was an amazing moment when we opened up our new facility, the Compaq Center, where we took the church where my parents had had it for 40 years, and we moved into that premier facility there.
What would your dad have made of that you think at the moment?
He would be proud.
Will you feel the same way about meeting me, do you think, Joel?
I do even better.
Madonna or Lady Gaga?
Lady Gaga.
How on Earth have you connected to Lady Gaga?
Oh, not --
Simon Cowell -- angel or the devil?
Oh, I think he's an angel.
What?
I think -- I think he's -- I think he's smart.
You both think he's an angel?
Oh, yes.
Justin Bieber, cute or annoying?
Oh, I --
Is the death penalty ever justified, and if so, when?
Yeah.
I struggle with that, you know?
If Osama Bin Laden was captured tomorrow --
-- should he be executed?
I think that it would probably be a good idea, you know, because of the people they hurt.
So execute him?
Yes.
Did Michael Vick deserve his second chance?
Absolutely.
Do you think everybody does?
I think everybody does.
Really?
Yes.
You've overtaken him?
I think so.
Do you feel uncomfortable about that?
A little bit.
Is it?
I mean, it's -
If you were to come on and I was to ask you, honestly, what is your talent, would you -- would you have any?
I would absolutely say that marketing is a skill.
-- we're laughing all the way to the bank?
It doesn't hurt me.
Yes, what do you put on your passport?
It changes.
Teacher?
Something that I don't do.
Do you think you are normal underneath all this gloss?
Absolutely.
You're liable for the petrol and the gas and the insurance, everything, right?
Everything.
If you were to sum up your brand in one word, what would it be?
OURTNEY KARDASHIAN: That's a good question.
Brand for the fans?
Everything they ask us -- because I think I'm -- I know -- and my sisters were heavily involved in our blogs and our Twitter and our Facebooks.
You're not stupid, are you?
Not at all.
How much of your brand is based around body image?
I think a lot of it is.
Are you?
I am, but I'm five feet tall.
Are these life-sized?
OK.
We're going to find out, aren't we?
Yes.
Who's taller?
Actually, you're -- yes, your one's taller than you.
Like, what do I like and don't like?
What do you like and don't like about your own --
I mean, is that -- do you see that as a plus?
Absolutely.
Kim, when you were young, you hated that, right?
I hated it, yes.
Are they real?
They are real.
Completely, 100 percent real?
They're completely, 100 percent real.
They're fake?
Yes.
You've had -- you've had surgery?
Yes.
And you haven't?
No.
You know?
You have like I have an ugly day, when you look in the mirror and you're, like, oh, my God.
What is the part of you that you sometimes say, I wish that was better?
When I -- when I'm a little heavier because my body is petite, I see -- go to, you know, my thighs or something.
What are you guys doing?
Obviously in the counterclockwise bed swirl, Kim.
I mean, you're -- what is taking New York mean?
Well, we --
Where are you taking it?
We are taking it to a Kardashian level, which basically means that --
What's that?
We're just opening up a clothing store, which is our store, Dash, that we -- we started one in L.A. And Kourtney and Khloe took Miami to open one up there.
(INAUDIBLE), why are you first on the title?
Because I'm the oldest and the best.
Doesn't that make her the biggest star?
It does.
Does that annoy you?
No.
Really?
Kourtney could care -- I always say to everyone, Kourtney could care less about fame, about anything.
That she pulled the baby out herself?
No, the whole thing is extraordinary.
Do you expect any privacy?
Well, that -- well, that's why I didn't want the cameras there.
Where was all the screaming and the yelling?
Right.
Do you ever feel, you know, that you have any right to complain about paparazzi or intrusion into your private life once you've done that?
I don't know if I've a right.
Is anything off limits in your life, given you've put it all out there?
Absolutely.
I'm assuming you've saved that to tell me all about it, haven't you?
Exactly.
Did you know that?
No.
I know you are, a big fan, right?
A little.
I mean, is he as evil to work with as I would hope he would be?
Ryan is so easy to talk to.
Any bad points?
No.
Is there anything you wouldn't do for the cameras?
Absolutely.
I mean, would you -- would you record your own death?
Yes.
Would you?
Absolutely not.
Why not?
There's a lot that we wouldn't show.
Really?
Like, I know in our New York season, I didn't feel comfortable having my son on the show.
Is that true?
I would never move in with anyone unless I was engaged or married.
Have I stumbled upon a bigger scoop?
No.
You're not engaged?
No, I'm not.
So, you're not moving in with him?
No.
You, just together?
Well, Scott has his -- our place here, so --
Can you trust men, given what's happened to you?
I think that the way that I am -- I'm such a hopeless romantic --
They'd have to believe in God?
Absolutely.
Dark?
I like tall, even though I'm five feet tall.
They're all these beefcakes, aren't they?
Yes.
So how tall is your current guy?
Six-foot-nine.
Is he really?
Yes.
And how tall are you?
Five-foot-three.
Be like a little Chihuahua if he takes you for a walk, isn't it?
Oh, it's the best way to feel skinny.
Really?
Tiny and skinny.
Are you happy that Kim is now happy?
I'm happy.
ORGAN: Do you feel protective, like a little big sister?
A little.
Is he behaving himself now?
Yes.
Who do you think are the real hunks out there?
Love Johnny Depp.
So are you going to get married?
One day, I hope to get married, yes.
Sooner rather than later, do you think?
I don't know.
What about for you?
No.
So you want to give your little one a happily married setup?
I do, but I just think --
-- and proposed, would you say "yes"?
I have no idea.
What would you say if I said "Sarah Palin"?
I was on "Dancing with the Stars", and my partner was Mark Ballas, who was Bristol's partner.
Do you think that she's a good thing for America as a politician?
You know, I know she gets a lot of flack, so I -- I don't know, I just tend to -- I don't typically like to say anything if I don't really have an opinion either way, to be honest.
Is he doing a good job?
I think he's doing a good job.
What kind of man was he?
He was definitely the strict parent when it was, you know, him and my mom.
What kind of impact did that have on you two, do you think, looking back?
We were --
What would your dad have made, do you think, of the success you've made of yourselves?
I think he would have been extremely proud of us.
If you got the chance to talk to him again, what would you say that, perhaps, you never got to say when he was alive?
I think we did a really good job at telling him exactly how we felt, especially right before he passed away.
Who says that?
I just did.
Yes, or no?
I don't know.
What, do you want to talk yen or pounds or Chilean pesos?
Combined, I would say, I don't talk dollars.
Are you?
Kim is.
Where are we going, here, 10, 30, 60, 80?
I don't think it's ever appropriate to talk money.
Do you really?
Every year.
Ten percent of all your money?
Absolutely.
Do you do that?
I'm going to now.
So you've given away millions, then?
Yes.
Which church do you give it to?
There's a charity that I work with a lot that I donate money all the time.
Do you want to name it?
The Dream Foundation.
So you've given them millions?
And we have -- my mom has helped create a church.
I mean, do you like being really rich?
I think that it definitely -- when people say -- I mean, I get the statement when they say "more money, more problems" -- I definitely get that.
Who's the most generous?
We all try and make --
Who's the one who always says "oh no, I've left my purse behind"?
Kourtney.
Kourtney is becoming a bit of a problem here financially, I think, isn't she?
Yes, she is.
You do?
No, it's fun, but I love to also --
What's the most extravagant thing either of you has ever bought for yourselves?
Kim does it daily for herself.
OURTNEY KARDASHIAN: A watch for yourself?
Yes.
How much would that be?
115.
115?
Thousand.
Dollars?
Yes.
One hundred fifteen thousand dollars for a watch?
Yes, but I got a really good deal on it.
Did you ever imagine you'd be in a position to spend 115 thousand dollars on a watch?
I don't do that stuff for myself.
Or you haven't got as much money as Kim?
Well, I don't have as much money as Kim.
You do this with your mum, right?
Yes.
Ladies, do you ever fear over-exposure?
Sometimes.
You know, and in your own way, you're living the American dream, aren't you?
I would say so.
Who do you idolize?
I love women like Elizabeth Taylor and Sofia Loren and Ava Gardner.
He did?
-- if he just married Liz Taylor.
It would have made life so much easier, wouldn't it?
Absolutely.
The moment, if you got the chance, you'd relive again?
I would say, having my son.
What about you?
I would say, it was probably something that I didn't realize at the time, like a family ski trip with my dad and my mom.
That would be a special thing, wouldn't it?
Absolutely.
Do you design them?
They are some of the most finest Italian designs in the world.
Have I got it in me?
I've seen one outfit, and it looks pretty snazzy.
Do you think the whole British thing might work?
A plus.
Do you have a stylist?
I'm beginning to think you may be the perfect person.
You want to style me?
Absolutely.
Do you start stammering because you got so used to that voice?
We all stammer, actually, It's bizarre how contagious a stammer is.
What is going on right now?
Well, what we see, Piers, is the army is fully deployed in the streets of Cairo.
Are the protesters right to see the army as the saviors, or could they possibly be misled here?
Well, in the next few days, we'll see.
In very simple terms, what do you think this protest is really about?
People want change.
How did his speech go down on the ground?
It sounded like a lead balloon.
When you watched President Obama's speech this evening, reading between all the lines, and it was very carefully phrased, what do you thing the key messages were that were going back to President Mubarak?
The key message to President Mubarak, Piers, was not good enough.
I mean, how bad could this get, and what are the implications not just for America, but for the world?
It could get a whole lot worse, piers.
How do we get rid of a guy if he doesn't want to leave?
Well, the administration served notice today and voices from Congress are serving even tougher notice.
And the key question is: what does President Mubarak do in the next 48 hours and how does the Egyptian army react if he refuses to yield power and the demonstrators stay on the streets?
John, Wolf, thank you so much for that.
Where do you think this is going to end, Amir?
I think it will take some time.
Have you got any way of working that out?
I can simply -- I can easily say the majority sympathize with the protesters even though they haven't participated.
What's going to happen here, do you think?
I think this falls into the category of delusional.
Is that, you think, the reality?
I think, to start it is.
So, it's not much of a surprise, is it really?
Well, I think the slow developing situation, even the incidents that have marked this year, the explosion at promise in Alexandria, the beating and killing of a businessman earlier, all these were events that signaled that on top of the disconnect, trouble was brewing.
Or is it beginning to look like it's backfiring?
Well, I think the real history of American engagement in Egypt begins with Camp David and the Egyptian-Israeli peace agreement that was reached, and has helped preserve the peace in the middle east between Egypt and Israel.
Is that your reading of this?
Piers, absolutely.
If the aid does get shut down, how long could Mubarak continue in office, do you think?
Oh, I think -- I think it will be very quick, because, of course, he's relying right now -- he's pulled the police back.
What are the global repercussions of what we're witnessing in Egypt tonight?
We're certainly seeing something that's very historic.
With what is going on and the turmoil that we're witnessing, is the peace treaty with Israel going to be a casualty here?
Not necessarily.
What's been the impact, do you think, of Vice President Biden's statement globally, and specifically to the Arab world?
Well, globally and specifically to the Arab world, I think they are very disappointed with the American language, especially Vice President Biden's language.
Do you think the Obama administration would support him?
I -- well, it may support him.
Piers?
We've seen similar use of these sites in Iran and also in China.
Or are there always ways around this now?
Well, what happened in Egypt today, in the last 24 hours, seems to be unprecedented in the history of the Internet, the fact that basically all service providers were shut down.
Are you worried about that?
Not right now, because I think they have a lot to handle to worry about single reporters or single organizations.
What are you making of what you're seeing on the ground here?
I think the police have always been violent, but we haven't seen it this way, and especially because we haven't seen this many people on the street at the same time.
Is it working or do enough people now know that it's kind of the horse has bolted?
Well, it certainly look -- it makes it a lot more difficult to organize things if you can't use your cell phone, if you can't text people and obviously there's been no Internet for most people, no Facebook which is how these protests began seven days ago on the so-called day of rage.
Your message to President Obama is what?
My message to president Obama is -- and I have lots of respect for him.
So is it realty fair to criticize the administration now and President Obama now for not going against him or is it -- or do you understand their difficulties?
Well, I don't -- you know when you hear protesters in the square, are they very concerned about whether or not it's fair from their vantage point the U.S. has been supporting a regime which has been corrupt, which has been arresting people, torturing people, and which has been not meeting their needs for some 30 years, certainly over the last 10 years or so -- remember, there's been a state of emergency in this country since Mubarak took office back in 1981 after the assassination of then President Anwar Sadat.
How do you feel the danger level has increased in the last 24 hours?
Certainly it's been dangerous really since the first outbreak of massive protests on Tuesday.
I mean, Ben, are you able to get your family out even if you want to now or is it too late?
Well, I don't want to get into the details, of the logistics of how to get them out.
Ben, how many people do you think may actually turn out?
It's difficult to say.
Piers?
Ben, I completely agree that that's going to be an extraordinary day, I think.
Is that -- is that your reading of events over there?
Well, I'm not sure in what context President Carter said that, but I know for sure that many people are very, very worried, particularly in the United States and around the region that if instability comes to Egypt that will affect this region.
What are your thoughts as you see the events unfurling in Egypt?
Before anything, Mr. Morgan, if you allow me to say that Egypt has a special place in my heart and my family's heart.
And as such, I think it is time for the world to recognize that if we had had eras where leaders would make decisions or foreign (INAUDIBLE) would make decision, isn't it about time that we let the people make the decisions and have a choice?
Isn't the problem with that is it's a great idea in theory, we all would agree with this, power to the people, give them what they want, as you know better than most.
Have you or any of your family spoken to President Mubarak in the last week?
AHLAVI: Not in recent weeks, of course.
Do you think the people of Egypt now have the right to do what they are doing?
You know in my school of thought I have always been for people power and the right to self-determination.
I mean do you feel he's brought it on himself to a certain degree?
Well, I think, you know, this is something for the Egyptian people to determine.
How important has it been, do you think, social networking and Twitter in particular in getting the message out in Egypt?
AHLAVI: Well, I think since the electricity was invented it's the next best invention since then.
Do you find it easy to communicate via Twitter with people in Iran, for example?
You know, we have our ups and downs.
You were there, weren't you?
I was.
Do you fear that with the march tomorrow, that if these numbers are right, that millions turn out, that it would turn as nasty as it did then, with hundreds, maybe thousands of people getting killed?
I don't think so.
You met him three times?
I think five or six times.
What was he like when you first knew him?
Very modest, almost to the point of being humble.
When Vice President Biden said he wasn't a dictator, did you agree with that?
No.
No one's quite sure what it is, yet, right?
I'm not quite sure myself.
If you were President Obama right now, what would you now say?
I'm glad I'm not because it's a real dilemma.
From your point of view as one of the senior business people in the world, what is doomsday and what is a good result from all that's happening?
A really bad outcome is Egypt goes into chaos, that you get violence on the street.
How do you feel?
Like everybody else, I have been taken by surprise.
What happens next?
It is over in the sense that whatever we're talking about, we're talking about a period of transition until you get to elections.
Do you see anybody emerging, Anderson, tonight as a potential candidate to take over for Mubarak?
Well, I mean, Mubarak has appointed a vice president, Omar Suleiman, who is head of his intelligence -- who's been his intelligence chief for years.
Describe what you've seen and what you think is going to happen next?
People are enormously energized by the fact that they've found their voice, for the first time in 30 years, and they're not placated.
I mean, would you think from what you just said that Mubarak may be lucky to survive even the week?
I sure wouldn't want to make a prediction about how long Mubarak is going to last, but what I do think is that right now, he has become an impediment to stability in Egypt.
And are you picking up any sense of anti-Americanism?
Well, I mean, it's passing.
Mr. Blair, how are you?
Very well, Piers.
How are you doing?
It's been a while.
These are pretty extraordinary times, aren't they?
They are extraordinary times.
And in particular, I think the key challenge for us, really, is how do we help partner this process of change and help manage it in such a way that what comes out of it is open-minded, fair, democratic government?
Nobody seems quite sure what to say about President Mubarak.
Where do you stand on him?
Well, where you stand on him depends on whether you've worked with him from the outside or on the inside.
What would you say to that?
Well, I think it's true.
Presumably, you would be critical of that kind of behavior by any government, wouldn't you?
Of course I don't want to see that in any government.
You weren't proud before?
No.
And now you're proud?
Yes.
How do you feel being a peace envoy in an area of the world where a lot of Arabs don't trust you and don't like you?
Well, some do, some don't.
Isn't it a better way to secure regime change than declaring war on countries?
It's a much better way.
How do you think this is all going to play out?
Well, I think it all plays out depending on whether, as I say, the modernizing forces, the people who want, you know, the types of things we take for granted in Britain and America, and whether they are the people that would succeed those governments, or whether the very strong Islamist movements wouldn't rather take control.
Isn't that the fear for all these -- all these governments in the Middle East now?
Yes, but that in a sense is a healthy thing.
Finally, Mr. Blair, do you believe in your position as Middle East peace envoy, do you believe that peace is now more or less likely the way things stand today?
It's extremely difficult to tell.
Is that position tenable, do you think, given the reaction on the ground?
Well, that's something with he and his government and the people are going to have to decide.
If you'd been asked, as Vice President Biden was asked, is he a dictator, what would you have said?
I'm not in the vice president's shoes, so I'm not going to --
Let me ask you as Governor Romney, is he a dictator?
He's the leader of his country.
They see him as a dictator and they want someone in America to actually stand up for them, don't they?
Well, they want to know that the America people stand with the voices of freedom and democracy.
hasn't that game now run its course?
Well, there's always been a bit of a potential conflict and a balance between two of our interests in foreign policy; one being that we support values and principles they are consistent with our own.
But what was your take on what was going on there when you were there?
Well, it was just a few weeks ago.
Were you surprised?
Well, what happened in Tunisia is having a seismic effect on what's happening throughout the Middle East.
Yes or no, are you going to run for the presidency again?
I don't have an answer for you yet, because there are a lot of things you have to consider before you make that final decision.
Am I right in thinking you know the answer, you just don't want to give it to me yet?
No, I don't have a 100 percent answer ready to go.
Does you and your position now emerge as the savior, if you like, of all this polarizing?
You know, I'm not somebody who can analyze for you the politics.
What do you believe about Sarah Palin?
I believe she's an extraordinarily powerful and effective voice in our party, that she has generated a great deal of support and attention, that she'd be great in a primary process.
Could you beat her?
I don't know the answer to that.
Does your wife know the answer to that?
She probably does.
She thinks you can beat everyone, doesn't she?
Well, I'm not sure she knows whether I can win or lose.
I mean, you're pretty perfect, aren't you?
Well, I think people would -- particularly my family, would disagree with that conclusion.
Do you still stand by every word of that?
Absolutely.
Do you think it's going to be a potential problem if you run, your faith?
Once again, I can't judge the politics.
How do you respond to that charge?
OMNEY: Well, a lot of things are charged in politics, some accurate, some not.
Most important thing to you?
I would reverse all of the policies that have made America one of the least friendly places to start new businesses and to grow business.
And can you come back maybe when you've got a bit more to say about your decision?
Absolutely.
Rob, what's it like there?
Piers, the most intense part of the storm is happening right now.
Have you seen that before?
I lost ISP, so I assume we're done.
When did the shooting happen?
a couple of hours ago, Piers.
I mean, what are you picking up here?
Well, look, there's certainly people who support Mubarak.
What was it like for to you go through that?
Well, it's the first time that I felt threatened by sort of a mob, you know, walking my way.
What is wrong with doing that?
Well, I don't know about right now.
Rudy, isn't the problem, though -- I mean do you agree that he is a dictator?
Oh, I agree that he's a dictator.
You cannot have six months of these protests on the streets?
Hopefully we've done that.
What would you do if you are now able to have any influence over this to protect Israel?
Well, I think -- I think Israel has to do the same thing the United States does, which is it has to talk to Mubarak about as quickly as possibly -- as possible selecting somebody, a general or a group of generals, who can run an interim government, and also bring in, if they can, as they do that, people from civilian life, people from the protesters, but not the Brotherhood.
What are you thinking when you see that?
They're now war correspondents.
Why is this being done?
Presumably it's because they're bringing the wrong message to the world which is that Mubarak's thugs, and I have to assume they're ordered by him or his people, they are trying to get rid of these protest, something, trying to stop this.
What I don't understand is why President Obama isn't coming out now and stopping more bloodshed effectively by saying that's it, enough?
Well, let me -- let try, you know, I'm hardly going to be the spokesperson for Mubarak.
What should you do, do you think?
I think what he is doing is sending his emissary, Frank Wisner, who is a very --
How many times can America go to war, say, with someone like Saddam Hussein and with Britain, by the way, calling him a dictator that treats his men badly while propping up people like Mubarak?
What some people have said is you have to think of what's in the best national interest of the United States.
I want to discuss now an extraordinary event in your life when very recently you discovered that you needed open heart surgery, which is a pretty dramatic thing to discover, isn't it?
Very dramatic.
Why more women than men?
Whatever it is in their makeup -- women think that the biggest problem for them will be breast cancer.
Did I say that?
You did.
Where did they get the new arteries from?
Ace Hardware.
That moment when you knew that you had this big problem, and that you could potentially die if you didn't have the surgery, even for a tough cookie like you, what was going through your mind then?
In my private life, I'm not such a tough cookie.
Have you had an EKG?
I'm going to talk to you about this when we come back.
Piers?
Ivan, thank you for that report.
How interested should they be?
Well, the pictures are horrific, so you're interested just watching it.
Could you imagine never going on television again?
Yes.
Really?
Yes.
Do you have a private life?
Well, probably not as entertaining as yours has been, Barbara.
How long are you going to go on for?
Well, I think I'll know when it's time to go.
What's been the single greatest interview?
You can't do that.
You are?
Yeah.
What would he have made of what's going on in his country?
He was also in a very difficult position.
Who has been the love of your life?
I have this little dog --
Really?
If I had five minutes to live, I would be with my daughter and closest friends.
Are you still on the dating scene?
I've had a lot of special really very men in my life.
But what would be the moment in your career, other than the Sadat, which is a great interview -- what would be the one moment in your career you would relive?
I think the years in the Middle East.
But who's the person you never interviewed you wished you had?
There are people -- the Pope has never been interviewed.
Wouldn't you like to do an interview with her?
I mean, 60 years of amazing secrets.
Have you met Camilla?
Yes, I have.
Are you excited about the royal wedding?
Not enormously, no.
Do you?
I'm taking my whole show there for a week.
What is the last thing you think about when you go to bed?
How early I have to get up in the morning.
Do you have any regrets, real regrets?
You know --
Do you think the death toll may rise?
Well, we've certainly seen an escalation in the use of force here during the first more than 12 hours of this battle here.
Have you ever known the collective media come under such an attack?
In such a large-scale systemic way, no, I've been at the fall of President Mobutu in Zaire that's now Congo when, you know, soldiers were -- who haven't been paid were running riots and beating up reporters and grabbing cameras.
What kind of activities are now going on against these protesters by pro-Mubarak forces tonight from what you can gather?
Well, it's a continuation of what we saw very abruptly really in the early morning hours Wednesday.
What's your thoughts on this?
Well, it's hard to predict, you know, what -- I mean the next few hours will hold.
What kind of guy is he?
Well, he's very capable, very bright, a lot of experience in intelligence matters and in matters that are more military and security in nature.
What was your take on that?
Well, I think it's not just a misreading of what happened on the ground but I think it indicates sometimes what happens to leaders when they're -- when they're not observing what is plainly evident.
Is this actually new or has this been the -- the sort of plan below ground that's been going all the time?
No offense to the two fine reporters from "The New York Times" that wrote that report, Piers, and they do have some new information in there, but the basic thrust of it is something we've been reporting since Tuesday afternoon.
Is that your reading of what's going on here, John?
It is and there are people watching out there who are fans of Senator McCain and there are some who are critics of Senator McCain, because he's been so active in politics in recent years including being President Obama's opponent.
Have you ever seen anything like quite like this against the media?
No, this is a concerted effort and campaign to intimidate -- intimidate and confiscate equipment and it's having an effect.
This is serious stuff, isn't it?
It is.
And Nic, there can't be any doubt now surely that the thugs are acting on the directions of the government, can there?
You know, it's hard to say.
What's been your experience as a journalist trying to get your story out there?
Today was the first time throughout the past 10 days that I feel actually scared closer to Tahrir.
Do you feel the thugs have now got control of the streets?
I'm definitely afraid even to drive through the city.
Sarah, how long do you think you can continue to use Twitter, to use your computer to try and get information out to the west?
As long as I can, there's no -- the situation is very unpredictability.
What do you think is really going on here?
Well, he's coming to the end of his term.
When you see journalists being beaten, stabbed, kidnapped, threatened with beheadings, what's your view of that?
Well, I think it's horrible violence.
Do you think that is a credible plan that's going to work?
If they accept it, if the army accepts it and if Suleiman is willing to do it and if Mubarak is willing to give him that blessing, yes.
When you see the growing violence between the two factions, that's not going to get better, is it?
I don't know.
What is the mood like in Israel about what's going on in Egypt?
The mood is very sober, very skeptical, skeptical of -- and skeptical of the United States' power in this situation.
What is your take on the aggression towards the media?
Well, frankly, I thought that you guys were and women were engaging in a little professional narcissism.
In your expert opinion how extremist are they, how dangerous are they?
Well, I don't think they're very dangerous at all, piers.
So even though there's no link at the moment, is there not an increasing danger that there might be?
Well, I think, Piers, part of the -- why I think that's quite unlikely is these Egyptian militant groups that killed more than a thousand Egyptians in the '90s and culminating with a horrific massacre in Luxor in '97 where a group of militants went hunting tourists from -- in the Luxor ruins motoring more than 50 of them, these are kind of activities really destroyed the group of these militant groups in Egypt.
What's your view of the Yemen?
ERGEN: You know, Piers, it could become the next Afghanistan.
Will that convince him to step down?
Of course.
Nic, how popular do you think this judge's sentiments are?
Oh, they're widely popular.
Ivan, what is the state of tension there, because we keep hearing that the reason the media is being brutalized is because of fears there may be something appalling about to go down?
We really don't know what could happen next.
Ivan, do you feel apprehensive about your own safety there?
When we spoke this time last night, I was much more afraid, really, because I had no idea.
Do you think that Mubarak and his government officials realize that the full force against the media and protesters backfired on them in terms of PR around the world?
I think -- I mean, I hate to try to analyze events without just knowing -- without just reporting complete facts, but my impression is that these protesters, these pro-Mubarak protesters were allowed to get close to the square perhaps in the hopes that they would push out the anti-Mubarak protesters, that they would end this once and for all.
How much of a problem is that going to be, do you think?
Certainly it is a problem.
What is the situation in relation to those kind of imports?
Well, as you know, Egypt is dependent on imports of foodstuffs from abroad.
Why do you think that is?
I think, you know, the president, and the vice president, and the prime ministers have gone as far as possible to respond to the demands of these young people.
Would you like to take this opportunity to apologize?
I would apologize to any journalist or any foreigner or any Egyptian for that matter that has been subjected to this harsh treatment.
What was his demeanor like?
His demeanor was well.
If he was to suddenly leave it could actually provoke more chaos than if he stays for the transition?
Well, two issues here.
Have you ever seen anything quite like that in terms of a concerted effort by a government to gag the media in such brutal way?
Well, you know, it certainly has been really appalling what's happened.
How are you?
I'm fine, thank you.
How has the day been for you out there?
So far the protests in Tahrir have been very peaceful.
Is he going to go now, do you think?
I don't think he's going now.
Do you think they still want Mubarak gone now?
Yes.
Wolf, is he right to feel optimistic?
I'm not sure he really does feel optimistic.
Is this one of the most difficult foreign policy decisions you have seen an American president have for quite some time?
It's a very difficult foreign policy decision.
How worried are you about Israel which is seeing its number one protector in many ways now being exposed to the will of the people and that could go anywhere?
Well, I think John's comments were correct.
Clearly a peaceful, relatively well-organized transition is the preferred option for everybody because it's less chaotic, but if the protests continue, they get bigger, they get angrier and there is more violence, isn't Mubarak just going to have to go?
I think we have to recognize and accept that it will be the people of Egypt that will ultimately determine the course of Egypt, including its leadership.
Michael Chertoff, When will leave?
I think it's clear he's going to leave no later than September, but my sense is he will probably leave before then although I don't think he will want to appear to be chased out of office.
As somebody who has been a leading light in Homeland Security, what do you see now as the threat to America's security by what you are seeing in Egypt?
First, let me say I think it's a wonderful thing to see democracy in action and people going into the streets not to be violent but to demonstrate peacefully.
What would be the worst that could happen from America's point of view?
Well, Piers, right now the army appears to be playing the role of a stabilizing force.
ORGAN: Mr. Prime Minister, can I ask you, have you been surprised by the events in Egypt, and do you believe that President Mubarak should now go immediately?
We are worrying about our own country.
Do you believe that this is a crisis for the whole of the Middle East?
I haven't really thought about it.
How can they help you in Tunisia?
First of all, I would like to thank the American people that have always helped Tunisia since our independence.
And do you believe that you're going to find successful peace and prosperity in your country in the next few years?
We have already entered negotiations, and a commission has been formed to revise the laws to make this election free and transparent, an election that will allow all parties to participate with the same chances.
What is your take on what's going on right now?
Well, we've again experienced some remarkable changes, Piers.
Piers?
We just heard the prime minister of Tunisia talking about the power of Facebook and Twitter in particular on the revolution there.
Are mobile phones working?
Mobile phones are working, and the Internet did come back on several days ago.
Is it possible to make any kind of prediction with any certainty?
No way, absolutely not.
Really?
Yes.
Do you?
Well, especially in this country because they usually get it wrong, say Sir Hopkins.
What was it?
Well, first of all, I looked at the script and I thought I don't want to do another weirdo, because I'm not - wasn't quite sure.
Was that what grabbed you, that it had happened?
Yes.
But you believe there is a devil?
Well, we had - I'll preface this by saying that, we had Father Gary Thomas, who is an exorcist.
And he was your expert on the film, was he?
Yes.
So what do you think of my - my Latin?
I thought it was quite impressive, given it's now forgotten and all.
You?
Oh, yes.
How much of that is - is you?
It's all me.
You put that in there, didn't you?
Yes.
And is that - and is that because you actually - that's really what you believe yourself?
That's what I believe in.
Do you believe in God?
Yes, I do.
You don't like absolutism, do you?
No.
You think that's dangerous?
I think it is dangerous.
You know, what do you make of that phenomenon?
Well, the safest answer I can give is I don't know.
He's done this, doesn't he?
He's done it, and he says some extraordinary things do happen, extrasensory perception things.
Would you believe this movie if you didn't pretty more (ph) believe in this?
No, I can't have a cynicism.
What changed?
Oh, something, a crisis in my life, some 35 years ago, and I was hell bent on destruction.
So it's a fact that you, in that moment, as an atheist, you decided to pray to God, did you?
OPKINS: Oh, I - I did.
I mean, can you - can you still do it, with the same sinister face?
Oh, dear God.
You want me to do it again?
Yes.
Did you still get asked to do that?
Yes.
In a way, it's become almost your catch phrase?
Yes.
Do you actually drink - do you ever drink Chianti?
No.
Have you ever eat fava beans?
No.
It was one of the greatest terrifying characters ever, wasn't it?
Yes.
It's the whole thing, isn't it?
They asked me the other day -
Any vices?
Yes, any vices.
You don't smoke, do you?
No.
Or do you feel you've had your great feeling of exercising (ph)?
I have had everything taken out of me.
Have you?
Oh, yes.
So you become more ruthless these days?
It's not ruthless.
Are you - are you at peace with yourself these days?
Yes, I am.
Do you still have that burning drive to achieve, to get the acclaim of your peer group?
OPKINS: No.
What would be the moment you'd replay, right now, if you have the chance?
Ah.
At that moment when you're sitting there and you - how many times have you been nominated before that?
That's my first nomination.
What's going through your mind?
I didn't think I was going to get it.
Was that - was that the greatest rush you've ever experienced?
Yes, it was.
Incredible actors you're up against, are you?
Oh, yes, the greatest in the world.
What - when you're standing there, because I'm - I'm unlikely to ever get this moment, when you're standing there, who were you thinking of?
I've been thinking of my father, because he died 10 years previous, on that very night.
What would he have made of that minute you're there?
He probably smoked himself to death because he always smokes.
Did you know that?
No.
Are you - are you perturbed (ph) by this?
No.
Who to you have been the greatest actors of all?
Past, present and -
Is he - is he the greatest living actor?
I think he is.
What do you look for?
Oh, I think the power of somebody like Brando or De Niro or Betty Davis, you know, going back through time.
What do you mean?
They have a grasp of everything.
Who do you see of the younger crop today that have - that may have that?
DiCaprio certainly and I think I'm a great fan of Matt Damon.
Are you drawn to the darker art?
No, it's not - it's not that.
Is it - where it is?
It should be - it's quite a large town.
The population of it would be what?
OPKINS: When I was born it's about 75,000, a lot smaller.
How much more time did it bring you as a good actor, do you think?
Well, I thought it was just the thing you did was just to drink and get smashed.
Do all great actors have to have some kind of demon?
I think you have to be -- yes, I think you have to have a bit of trouble in your life.
Does it give you the kind of tormented face that you need?
It gives you the drive.
Do you like -- do you like being famous now?
Yes, it's fun.
I tell you -- can I tell you a quick story?
Of course.
Which of the actresses do you really most admire?
Without a doubt, Jodie Foster.
Do you stay in touch with her?
No.
None at all?
None at all.
Really?
Yes.
You didn't suddenly start doing your little Hannibal act for old time's sake?
No.
Is that true?
I just obey orders.
Have you got better at marriage as you've got older?
I think so.
If you had your time again -- this is your third marriage, would you have played things differently in your previous marriages?
You can't go back and second guess yourself.
Why do you love America so much?
I think it was just something to do with the post-war years.
Steven Tyler and Jennifer Lopez with Randy?
They're terrific.
Do you miss a bit of that grit though?
Well, I don't know.
Isn't Randy one of your mates?
Yes.
Is he your only famous friend?
He's my only famous friend.
Are you?
No.
Do you go to the Oscars?
I went about two years ago, I think.
Does it really?
I don't know what it is.
Is that one of the reasons you live out in Malibu?
Yes, as far away from --
Is there a lot of phoniness really that does on in the business?
Well, I'm not going to say that.
Do you think there's been a sort of breakdown in priorities?
Yes, I do.
If I wrote my own epitaph, it would be -- well, first of all, do you know Mel Blanc, the vocal guy?
ORGAN: Of course.
Because what we are about to see, Michelle, is your mother actually undergoing an exorcism for real, right?
Yes.
Are these -- are these classic signs of somebody who has been, in your view, possessed by the devil?
Oh, absolutely.
I mean, it must have been, as a daughter, just almost unbearable to watch this, wasn't it?
It's a nightmare.
Was there a time when your mother was perfectly normal or did she always have this?
No, no, no.
Do you remember the first time it happened?
Oh, yes, I do.
How old were you?
Fifteen.
And it was a similar scene to the one we witnessed?
Yes, actually that looked like one of the first ones.
ORGAN: Do you believe that she was possessed by the devil or evil spirits?
I do.
So I guess the obvious question is, why would this happen to somebody like Patty (ph)?
Pat Reading was an exception.
-- and she had 16 of these incidents where you had to bring a priest in, right?
Yes.
When she came around, did she have any memory of what had happened?
No memory at all.
Were you honest with her?
In the beginning, I didn't want to tell her everything.
Did you show her the video?
I don't believe that one, no.
I mean, so for people who are watching this who may have a similar situation going on in their homes, how should they deal with this?
Basically, rule everything out from a medical perspective, a psychological perspective.
Do you believe that they're linked in some way?
She had what they believe was pancreatic cancer or colon cancer.
I mean, why should people bother, John, in having these if they're not going to work?
Well, the key factor with this is very seldomly (ph) an exorcism or a deliverance is very successful on one try.
Is it nice?
Yes.
How was that?
My first husband.
ORGAN: Did you really?
I married him.
And was he as good as you thought he would be?
Better.
I mean how have you kept so remarkably youthful, ladies?
Refrigerators.
Anyone else?
Fresh air.
Being happy?
Yes.
Am I right?
Right.
You never went there?
No.
Angela, what do you think?
Stephen Sondheim was on PBS for his birthday celebration and he -- after the whole night, he took the microphone and he said, first you're young, then you're middle-aged, and then you're wonderful.
But is it true?
No.
When you're no longer that kind of sex symbol, what is it like for you psychologically?
Well, I never looked at life as if I was a sex symbol so I didn't place myself in that --
How did you feel to hear that?
Sad.
Yes?
Yes, because it was the truth.
What it's been like, the aging process, I guess?
I like the aging process because I've gotten a kind of freedom from it.
Really?
No.
But you were this stunning operation in "Star Trek" and electrified the world of TV, what's it been like for you?
I don't speak numbers.
And that's annoying, isn't it?
No.
No?
I told everyone my age.
Have any of you lied about your age over the years?
NIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Oh, sure.
What are the crucial ages for a woman to start telling fibs, do you think?
102.
I think that's probably true, isn't it?
I think 60's brutal.
Do you?
60.
I mean should anyone talk about this in public?
No.
Why?
I don't know.
So talk to me about -- have you ever had it?
Yes
And what do you think?
I think if you go to the right doctor and you -- first, if you want it.
Is it pressure from men do you think that they want to see affection in women even if they get older?
VANS: Really in each of us I think each person does it for different reasons.
Do you regret it or are you pleased?
No.
Did it stick around?
It wasn't to make him stick around.
What do you think, Nichelle?
I think if you -- it's wonderful, it's a technology that's there for you if you need it, if you want it.
Have you been tempted?
I had -- my nose broken in a car accident and I was never happy with my nose.
Is that a guilty run?
No, not -- oh, yes, I'm guilty.
You don't?
ICKINSON: Usually I've had girls coming to me and say -- coming crying, oh my god, I don't look like myself at all.
Stephanie, what's your view of surgery?
Well, I think that there's a time in an actress' life when she's making certain transitions when you're in the middle of that -- of those transitions where you're still playing leading roles but maybe there is a little puff under the eyes or a little something that's consistently catching the light and when it does it's distracting, because there -- you know, the perception of beauty, we get the perception of beauty off the cover of magazines.
Are they professional imperative, I mean, if you don't have this kind of work, particularly in America?
Pretty much.
What they mean is get down to the surgeon, right?
They mean get a little something --
I mean, what do you think of that picture?
I didn't need it then.
When you look at that picture, what do you feel?
I feel brave because it was I think 1965 or '66.
I mean it was outrageous at the time, wasn't it?
Yes.
Did you like that?
I loved it.
Really?
It's an honor and I'm not fooled by how I look and what my age is.
Nichelle?
Sean Connery.
Why Sean Connery?
I think he gets more beautiful as he gets older.
Have you met, Sean?
Yes.
And did you get anywhere with it or not?
I got as close as I could.
Linda, how about you?
Johnny Depp for sure.
Little pirate toy boy, huh?
I don't think there's anything about him that's a toy boy.
Really?
No.
Have you met Johnny Depp?
No.
Would you like to?
Yes.
If he's watching, have you got a message for him?
Well, I'm happy he's married and he's got his life --
I think you're happy about that at all, right?
No.
Can't you jump to Stephanie?
No --
Really?
Who could tell me stories and have that -- you know, brilliant.
You wouldn't want sex for Johnny Depp?
No, no, it isn't -- it wasn't -- the choice was not based on sex.
Could you imagine?
Yes.
Waking up to Winston Churchill with a cigar?
Yes.
Stephanie, how about you?
Gosh, well, my first thought of course was Bill Holden.
He was only about 5'3", wasn't he?
Maybe I could have convinced him not to go on to Russia.
Who's been the great love of your life?
Frank.
Frank Sinatra?
Yes.
Why frank?
Because he was smashing.
Wasn't he?
Yes.
Was he as great as I imagined him to be?
Yes.
Was he good with women, do you think?
No.
No?
Not all.
Really?
Yes.
You know this for sure?
Yes, I know this for sure.
Really?
Yes.
In your case who would be the great love of your life?
I don't want to answer that because he was the great love of my life.
Really?
Yes.
Really?
Yes.
When you have that kind of love, and then you lose it, do you -- can you ever get it back from anybody else?
ICHOLS: I don't know that that's so.
Who would be the love of your life?
Well, I've been fortunate in that I loved my first husband so much, but I would say Yanni --
Really?
-- would be the love of my life.
Stefanie?
Oh, well, of course, I think that William Holden came into my life at a time in my life and in his life that was an extremely strong connection.
Were you aware at the time of how significant it was going to be?
When he actually kissed me, the director says, cut, cut, cut.
Was it as hard as it seems now looking back on that era?
You've asked the wrong person.
Really?
I've had a career that should never be because I didn't want to be an actress.
Oh, no, you had a gun, didn't you?
I had every gun (INAUDIBLE).
Did you feel like you were making a bit of a stand here?
I just felt exhausted.
When you see the young actresses today, do you think they have it easier, really, than you had it?
I don't think so.
When you have to lead your life in a goldfish bowl of fame, how much harder is it when you go through the tough times in life, do you think, to be famous and going through it with everybody having an eye on what's going on?
Now you can't breathe without having everything out there.
Really?
(voice-over): Yes, really.
Is that what's bugging you?
No, that's not what's bugging me.
I mean, are you friends or not really?
There's getting along and friends.
How can you ever be friendly with anyone again after that?
Well, that's what I mean.
Are you a bit fiery in real life?
Barbara Stanwick taught me to do stunts when I did "Big Valley."
ORGAN: Did you use it on a man before?
I never slapped anybody except on "Dynasty" ever, ever.
And when you actually do those things, would you actually whack each other or not?
No.
-- try and get one through just to, you know, assert your authority?
That would not work well.
Linda?
When I flew with the Blue Angels.
And then you're sick, right?
I mean, no, I didn't get sick.
Nichelle?
I think of three in my whole life.
Where were you?
In Thousand Oaks, out where it was dark.
Is it over?
I'm afraid it's over.
Do you have a name for this?
Yes.
What?
Revolution.
What do you feel?
Well, I think that there are -- we are passing through very interesting times.
We're seeing revolution from the bottom up, is not being done through military means?
I think what's happening in Egypt, Tunisia today, and perhaps elsewhere, these can be models for peaceful transition to more open, more accountable governance, and towards societies that offer more opportunities.
Oh, how long do you have?
I've got all evening, your majesty.
So what annoys you most given your knowledge of that area?
Well, I think there's a great deal of emphasis being placed by some who are perhaps don't have as nuanced an understanding and maybe lack a great deal of understanding on the religious component in what is taking place in Egypt today.
Do you think -- do you think it's unhelpful when senior politicians here say such inflammatory things?
It's terribly -- it's unhelpful.
Do you know the president?
I have met him on a number of occasions.
What do you think of him?
I think that he brought a new and fresh and open spirit to Washington, and I hope and pray that he's able to negotiate this very difficult town and all that it represents as a country.
What would he have made of what's going on now, do you think?
I would like to think that had he lived longer that our region would not be in quite the state it is today.
What do you make of that?
I think that they're having found each other and having obviously already worked so hard to build a loving relationship is one of the happiest and most wonderful developments, you know, in a long time.
You knew Diana quite well?
UEEN NOOR: I knew her.
What did you make of her?
I thought what she did in terms of bringing a focus to two issues, in particular, and this is not all, but AIDS and helping to break through the taboo that existed at that time in the '80s, '90s where people really didn't -- felt that they weren't safe in the presence of someone who might have contracted HIV, and the landmine issue that she made two key visits to landmine-infected countries.
What advice -- I mean, having been through this media frenzy, royal wedding, where you married a king, what advice would you give to young Kate Middleton, as she's about to marry the future king of England?
I wouldn't presume to give her any advice.
Have you enjoyed being a queen?
I -- as a young girl growing up during the Kennedy admission, my father was his FAA administrator.
So in a funny way becoming a queen enabled you to live your dream?
It did.
Now that you're back, what can you tell us that perhaps you couldn't at the time?
Well, I mean it was pretty intimidating to go out there and to see these thugs sent from, you know, central casting carrying these clubs with nails embedded in them, but I also frankly felt a little embarrassed about all the sympathy that we western journalists were getting.
So the focus on the media are getting a few whacks for being overdone, do you think?
Yes.
Fareed, let me ask you, in simple terms -- everyone has got all sorts of opinions here -- what is your gut feeling about what is actually happening now?
I think what's happening now -- it's fascinating.
How do you think history will judge him?
I think he'll probably be seen as a care taker.
What do you make of that?
Well, I mean, I think that people here misunderstand the Muslim Brotherhood to some extent.
What do you think?
I think, at the end of the day, the administration is handling it roughly right.
Why is that?
The Arab street, especially in Cairo, I think you're finding that, no, they are not going to negotiate until Mubarak steps down.
ORGAN: But giving that Omar Suleiman, who is the vice president that you I think believe would be best placed to take over -- given he's been pretty much at the right hand of Mubarak for years now -- some would argue that using a wacky races terminology, he's just motley to dastardly, isn't he?
No, but he's respected in the Arab world.
Also in relation to Israel, what is your view of how we protect Israel, given this political void we have in Egypt?
Well, that's two separate questions.
Why was that?
Well, they knew that problems were brewing.
Are we now seeing a newer, better way of revolution, driven from the bottom up through the people, than perhaps, you know, a revolution driven by the Americans taking military into these countries?
From North Africa all the across the world of Islam, it's a new day.
What was your reaction as a fellow astronaut to that?
Well, I'm very proud that he made the decision that he did.
How are you going to keep Arianna sexy?
Arianna is very sexy.
And it will stay that way?
I think --
It didn't exactly work with "The Times of London," did it?
Well, interesting point.
Are you too?
One of the future things we're looking at, though, now is I think the model has really been fueled by free content and will be for some period of time.
how Much does it make at the moment, profit?
"The Huffington Post?"
Is any of that actual profit?
Yes, and there was profit there.
It looks like you've won and you've lost, haven't you?
Piers, let me tell you something right now -- and I've said this to our investors -- if you believe in the future of content and you believe in the future of the Internet, AOL's the best buy.
Honestly?
There's so many things to think.
ORGAN: When you see their, do you think monster, vile, greedy, horrible?
We certainly see a person who is where he is today absolutely because we approached him with our idea, our business plan and two years worth of work.
Anderson, how are you?
I'm doing all right, Piers.
Did you call them Winklevii, by the way?
Well, I did call them that, but they take exception to that.
So, Anderson, can I just ask, how are you?
I'm OK.
What did you mean by that?
Well, I think I feel guilty leaving, frankly.
Mr. Trump, can I call you Donald finally?
You certainly may.
What is your reaction to that breaking news?
Well, I know a lot of politicians and I can tell you that they're not so different from this guy other than they don't do it on Facebook or whatever he was doing it on, and there's a lot of affairs going on in Congress.
What's the answer?
If I was honest I certainly was.
What are the top priorities for President Trump?
Well, I think the first thing I'd do is announce very strongly that we're going to tax Chinese products, 25 percent tax on all Chinese products.
ORGAN: You see them as the enemy, don't you, Donald?
I see them as the enemy.
Do you think we have smart enough people to deal with the Chinese and the Indians and these new competitors out there in business?
I think they're smart but I don't think they have any savvy.
Can't we work with them?
I don't think they're friends.
And don't we just need more people like you to compete with them?
You need to have people that know how to deal with the Chinese.
How did you get this?
A woman reached out to us.
Are you taken aback by the speed of his resignation?
Yes.
Do you feel sorry for him?
I've never heard of anybody -- well, you feel sorry for the person but this was really ridiculous.
Is he more a question for you than just a bad judgment rather than the morality of it?
Well, it's morality but it's also bad judgment.
Would you fire a senior employee at your company for a similar thing?
If he's married and starts sending pictures of himself.
Do you still feel that was the wrong way around, that perhaps we get our priorities wrong?
RUMP: Well, I thought -- I'm a Republican.
What is your -- what is your view of President Obama right now?
I think he's a nice man.
But is this the problem?
But we'll see what happens.
Who is leading the Republicans and who should be?
I don't think there is a leader right now of the candidates.
Is this -- is this precisely why you're so tempted to run?
Well, I am tempted to run, but I think the primary reason I'm tempted -- I guess, yes, I think I could win, otherwise I wouldn't do it.
Defensive?
Yes.
If you were president would you take all American troops out of Afghanistan and Iraq now?
Well --
OK?
Well, it's interesting, Saudi, as I mentioned to you tonight, the other breaking news is that the king of Saudi Arabia has been very firm with President Obama basically telling him to leave off Mubarak.
And so, what do you think of that situation as it's developing where you're beginning to see the old order in the Middle East standing up to America and saying, this is our business not yours?
They're standing up for the first time because they don't respect us anymore.
They do?
Companies like General Motors, companies like Coca-Cola.
Isn't that what you would do instinctively?
I think it's great.
What was wrong with the system here that should now be put right properly?
Look, you've always going to have problems with financial systems.
Should bankers -- the same bankers that got us into the mess now be allowed, in a regulation way, to be awarding themselves huge bonuses?
Look what happened with Chase today.
What do they want you to say?
They want me to say Obama.
Is that your steely philosophy?
Not everybody can think big.
Have you?
That's right.
You don't even drink coffee, do you?
And I don't drink coffee.
Women are your vice, right?
I respect women.
Do they follow your lead?
So far, my kids have been following my lead.
Even though he hated the taste to start with?
He hated the taste.
What do you think of that?
There's a banker -- and obviously I'm not going to mention names.
Is he still a senior banker?
He just retired.
You lost respect for him?
RUMP: I lost respect for him.
What's the secret?
Well, I guess it's my looks.
What's more important to you, women or business?
Well, business is more important because I'm a happily married man.
With my wife?
No.
Would that include my wife?
Yes.
What kind of husband have you been, do you think?
Well, I think I've been a very good husband lately.
Are you vain?
I think I am pretty vain.
What is the look?
Well, it's a lot different looks.
ORGAN: If I want the look, what is it?
Well, you've got a long way to go.
So it's all real, but it's probably the most famous hair in America, isn't it?
Well, I guess it is.
Are they demeaning to women, do you think?
I don't think so.
How tough a dad are you, do you think?
Pretty tough.
If one of -- it would have to be Ivanka in your case -- had gone off the rails like Lindsay Lohan has gone off the rails, how would you deal with that?
That's a very tough thing.
Are you ready to put it behind you?
I heard she had some very nice things to say.
Are you ever going to retire?
No.
But is it going to effective to have a peaceful protest now?
It's not here -- I cannot say for sure.
ORGAN: Sarah, why should any Egyptian in Cairo, in Tahrir Square tonight, why should they believe a word that President Mubarak is now saying, given that he's told so many lies particularly in recent weeks and months?
Aside from the fact that there has been a loss in trust a long time ago, long before any of the demonstrations even started, there is also a lot of confusion.
What on earth is going on right now in Cairo right now?
It looks like it's a real dialogue that's happening right now between the president and the protesters.
Did something change or was this always the plan, do you think?
Well, from what I understand, the director of the CIA quoted media reports and said that they were monitoring it closely and didn't have any additional information.
Do you believe this plan is going to work?
You know, Piers, people have been trying to figure out what's going on for the last 17 days.
Who was the head of state of Egypt right now?
The head of state of Egypt is the president who has transmitted all his powers to the vice president.
I mean, Wolf, what's happening here is that Mubarak is just simply calling President Obama's bluff, isn't he?
Well, he's basically saying he's not leaving and the U.S. really wanted him to leave.
Paul Wolfowitz, if you were still at the Defense Apartment, what would you be advising President Obama right now?
Well, first of all, I think to recognize this is very much in the hands of the Egyptian people and they have behaved I would say remarkably.
How do you predict this one to unfurl from where we lie tonight?
EGROPONTE: Well, it's very, very difficult to tell.
Mr. Negroponte, from a diplomatic point of view, you being at the sharp end of this behind the corridors negotiations many times, what do you suspect is now happening that we don't know about?
Well, I mean, that's hard to tell.
General Myers, when you saw that message from Mohammed Elbaradei, has he got a point, do you think, that we may see the situation disintegrate now into what will be a military situation?
I don't think we know that.
Does he have a point or is that fanciful, do you think?
Again, I don't think we know.
How effective are they?
I think they have about a half million men in uniform and another half a million in the reserves.
Should we feel encouraged by what you've just heard?
Well, I mean, it is actually great rhetoric, but I don't know that it means very much.
Finally, General Myers, could you envision any situation where the American military might have to get involved here?
Well, you know, you can draw all scenarios.
I mean, what is going to happen next?
Remember that the median age in Egypt is 24 years old.
Could we see potentially the unthinkable -- it would have certainly been a month ago -- of the house of Saud becoming imperiled by what is going on?
Well, Egypt is the largest Arab country in the world.
Could this revolution have happened without Twitter, Facebook, the Internet?
Surely, yes.
How are they managing to stay so calm and peaceful, when inside they must be burning with anger?
Well, I mean, that's a good sign.
Do you think he will, Aladdin?
No, I don't think so.
Rafat, yes or no?
I think a week.
Are you beginning to feel slightly fearful that the peace we've been seeing may go into inevitable bloodshed tomorrow?
Piers, that fear always exists.
Have you seen anything quite like this in your entire career?
The last time I saw something like this was in Romania when Ceausescu was overthrown and the Berlin Wall coming down shortly before that.
How did you feel when you heard President Mubarak stepped down?
I couldn't believe it, I was emotional, I cried actually.
How did you feel when you heard President Mubarak had stepped down?
It's a bit festive (ph) to Egypt today.
Can you trust them?
Yes, I can trust them.
Why?
Because they came up (INAUDIBLE).
So, that's what you need to hear from the army next, those clear steps toward democracy?
I'm sure about 70 percent or 80 percent.
How long is the party going to go on for tonight?
The party is not for tonight.
Arwa, extraordinary scenes there with Egyptians that are having this incredible day in their lives, what you experiencing where you are?
Piers, it's truly been a remarkable experience, a remarkable moment to witness in history, not just for Egyptians but for the entire region as a whole.
Why did you choose to do that?
Because everybody here, they need the (AUDIO BREAK) we met here in Tahrir Square from Facebook, everybody they met on Facebook first, and then we took the position to come here and meet here.
Could it be that because we now have Omar Suleiman, who many people believe has been effectively running this regime anyway for the last two years, that we're out of the frying pan into the fryer a bit here?
Well, I don't want to be a killjoy because obviously people are savoring the joy of this moment.
What are you feeling?
I spent a few moments, a few minutes in disbelief and I couldn't say anything.
Do you believe that the Egyptian military is on the people's side?
IRGANY: It's very difficult to speculate.
It's been an extraordinary example of people power taking on a regime that it no longer wanted in government and beating it, isn't it?
Well, certainly, this is unprecedented -- not only in Egypt but in the region, and I dare say in the world.
I mean, do you feel exhilarated, or do you feel slightly apprehensive?
No, no, no.
How quickly do you think you can get Egypt's economy going again?
Well, I think surprisingly, we were able to manage the crisis very well.
Finally, Dr. Radwan, will you be celebrating this evening?
I will be celebrating the fact that Egypt has never done the road of chaos, that this country has been protected and we hope that the transition would take place to a democratic Egypt in the future.
And what do you think happens now in terms of the politics here?
It is a fascinating moment and an unpredictable moment, Piers.
What do you think?
We are trying to crack that code and I know you have two gentlemen behind me next in the program who have been involve in the sensitive diplomacy.
John, finally, how do you think that President Obama has handled this crisis?
Well, it's rocky and again, you have two veteran diplomats behind me.
What do you think with all your expertise, the implications both for the region and specifically for Israel?
Well, it's cataclysmic for the region.
When you see regime change coming from the bottom up like this, in a peaceful series of increasingly large protests by the people, is that not the way to go in terms of American foreign policy, encourage people to take action like this?
Of course, this is the best way for change to happen and I believe that this is a historic development as Governor Richardson said for the whole region.
Mr. Baer, let me ask you straight away: is this democracy we're seeing here?
That's not the way I see it.
The question is how long will he last in that role?
Tell me about Omar Suleiman.
Is he now in charge of the military?
He's a former general.
So this may just be the beginning of further turmoil in Egypt?
I think absolutely.
If you were still a CIA operative, what do you think the top brass at the CIA would be most concerned about from what they're witnessing tonight?
I think what they should be concerned about is the army holds together.
Aren't they?
It's a good example for them, because then what they're saying is look, we can overthrow the PLO, Mahmoud Abbas, as well.
What kind of a man is he?
He's very suave and sophisticated.
So are we really in a situation where it's just the same kind of thing in a different face?
He's certainly not a new face to anybody who's followed things closely behind the scenes in Egypt.
Or are they in charge of him?
There's a lot to still be sorted out.
Finally, and perhaps most crucially, Jane, if I had said to you five years ago, right, I have found the guy who's going to bring pure democratic freedom to Egypt and his name is Omar Suleiman, how would you have reacted?
Well, unless he's going through some sort of tremendous personal transformation, it would have been laughable really.
Do you believe it will now change for the better, from what you have seen?
I think something's broken.
Do you believe what we heard earlier in the program, that he may be part of some coup d'etat by the military here?
Personally, as an Egyptian, I don't trust him.
But a great day for Egypt?
An amazing day, a momentous day.
An emotional day?
Extremely emotional.
What are your views on that, as somebody who's been involved in very different kinds of regime changes?
I think it was Mana who said earlier the barrier of fear has been broken.
When you compare what's happened here to what happened in Iraq, do you not think, with the benefit of hindsight, that the kind of devastation we saw in the aftermath of the Iraq war could possibly have been avoided if we had just waited and encouraged the people of Iraq to do what the people of Egypt have done?
Piers, you may forget, but exactly 20 years ago, we encouraged the people of Iraq to rise up against Saddam and he slaughtered tens of thousands of them.
And it's that spirit of peace, that they wouldn't be provoked into violence, that has really moved the entire world, isn't it?
I mean, absolutely.
Did you ever imagine in your wildest dreams that you would see democracy come so fast?
When we were making that film, we could only dream of something like this happening.
I mean it should be technically, isn't it?
Winklevoss is fine.
That must have been weird, wasn't it, watching one guy play both of you?
Well, it was definitely -- we had to remind ourselves, even though we knew that there were some CGI effects and -- after a while, you're watching the movie and you kind of forget that it's one guy playing two people.
Did you want to go and see it?
There's definitely a lot of uncertainty.
How is that different from MySpace or Friendster?
Harvard.edu.
Honestly?
There's so many things to think.
Horrible?
We see --
What do you think?
We certainly see a person who is where he is today absolutely because we approached him with our idea, our business plan, and two years of worth of work.
Right?
Sure, I mean he's intelligent.
Didn't he just come along and go, I really like that idea, but I've got a better one?
Right.
A cheat?
That's one way of putting it.
The guy that looks over your shoulder and nicks some of your best lines?
No.
Isn't it?
What we agreed to and what we got are two different things.
And is that part of our ongoing dispute, then?
Yes.
I mean if the company is worth X billion dollars and, you know, people decided you were telling the truth, and your idea had been stolen, why didn't you get $4 billion?
.
Is he -- again, devil's advocate, I mean, aren't you guys also just in this for the money now?
Well, this is a very principled --
Why don't you let it go?
It's a good question, I understand that sentiment.
It's not about money for you?
Well, it -- money is inextricably tied to the principle.
What's more important?
Both have to be -- I'll tell you why both are important.
Were you one-hit wonders?
No.
No?
Well, w happened was that when Mark launched the Facebook, when we were completely blindsided by it, we launched our site later, but because of the damage, we were late to market.
Have you had another great idea?
We've got a couple of ideas in the works.
Or are you worried about me stealing it?
Yes.
How is that doing?
It's doing well.
What's it worth do you think?
I'd say probably in the millions.
Yes?
Yes.
But you go to Harvard, you get trained to be an attack dog in business?
Not really.
Isn't just attack dog speak?
Within the rules.
Did that moment happen?
In effect we did, we first learned about Facebook and Mark Zuckerberg launching it by reading the Harvard student newspaper.
And what was your first reaction?
We were pretty shocked.
When was the last time you spoke to him?
We spoke to him at the mediation in 2008.
You haven't spoken to him in, what, three years?
Yes.
Why should I care?
He clearly at this moment doesn't care.
You think so?
Absolutely.
He hasn't any of that?
Absolutely not.
Have you read to that?
First of all, we got screwed because we place trust and confidence in a partner.
What do you think of Eduardo?
In what --
Did he get screwed as well do you think or not?
Well --
How much did he end up with?
We don't know.
Again I say to you, I mean, how sorry are we supposed to feel for you guys?
Well, that's a different -- we shouldn't be conflated with Eduardo.
Do you use Facebook?
Yes.
Quite ironic, isn't it?
Not as ironic if we weren't on it because again --
How do you work that out?
Well, we worked that out because the guys who -- who originated the idea would be -- you would think that would be the ones who would be able to take part in it.
How many friends do you have?
It's north of 1,000.
Who's got more?
Tyler.
Why is that?
Just more diligent at it.
Nicer guy?
Maybe.
Who gets more women?
That's a tough question.
I mean they must be cueing up, are they?
Well, but back to we got all of this money.
You know?
Piers, it's dangerous to make assumptions about anybody's life.
Is it?
It is.
What's the future going to hold for you?
Well, the immediate future is training for London 2012.
And can you win there?
We're going to try.
What do you do if Mark Zuckerberg suddenly pops up in a rival boat that's just a little bit better than yours?
As long as -- again as long as it's fair play --
Are you going to sue him?
Absolutely not.
How often do you think about him a day?
Not -- I mean, I think we've done a very good job of compartmentalizing.
It's not a bad career, though, is it?
I wouldn't call it a career.
How much money do you want?
What we want is a fair resolution.
How much do you want?
Well, it's not what we have now.
$100 million?
A mediation where --
Two hundred?
We're not going to -- we're not going to answer that question.
$65 million?
.
No one wants to hear anymore about Mark and you think, how much?
We're reasonable people.
If I invite Mark Zuckerberg on this show with you, would you come on?
Absolutely.
Final question, do you have the public are on your side or on Mark Zuckerberg's?
I think the public doesn't know the complete story yet.
That's not true, is it?
No, it's not true.
Where do you think that you're different from that character that was portrayed in the film?
I'm -- you know, a better personality.
Do they?
I have to tell time.
Need to be able to tell time, you know?
You say you beat the odds.
How did you beat the odds?
You know, coming from where I came from, you know, the environment I was in, you know, being taken in by my family, the Tuohy family, that doesn't happen every day.
So how much do you think you owe the Tuohys?
I owe them quite a bit, because they didn't have to do what they did, taking somebody in to their family, you know, coming from where I came from.
You think you would have made it anyway?
The road would have been a little bit tougher, but, you know, growing up, I always said that -- you know, since I was 13, I'm going to get out.
You were not going to be sucked down by the system you were born into?
No, I was not going to be a cycle.
What percentage of kids that you grew up with got out?
Right now, I'm the only one.
If you were telling me how tough it's been, what were the toughest moments for you?
You know, like you say, you never understand it fully.
Is that true?
You know, some things you have to force yourself to, you know, put behind you in order to move on.
The baby was killed?
If I remember, I don't think so.
Do you talk to her anymore?
You know, the relationships -- you know, it's not like it used to be.
Do you think that was the root of all the problems for her?
You know, I -- she was a product of her environment.
What do you think she thinks of your success now?
I really don't know.
But she hasn't told you that?
I never heard it from her.
Why did you stop talking?
You know, after you try to help a person for so long, you know, they have to want to help them self.
Do you remember the first time you heard those words?
No, she said it a number of times before I finally told her "I love you" back.
Or do you find it hard?
It will always be hard for me.
You went to see it?
Yeah, I saw the movie.
What was that like, weird?
You know, yeah, in a fact, because people don't have a movie made about them every day.
You don't get that every day, do you?
That's zero out of a billion.
Have you met Sandra?
I haven't met any of them.
Did she?
She loved it.
That's got to be a dream come true, isn't it?
She's starting to take on the personality in the movie, actually.
Has it damaged your relationship with the Tuohys at all, the attention, the movie, the books, and everything?
Not at all.
What would you say to them to try and achieve what you've achieved?
You know, I just want to send a message out that you don't have to be saved by a wealthy white family.
You still want to beat him, right?
I play him.
As the rose between two thorns in this particular interview, what were they like, these two, to work for, these two heavily egoed movie stars?
Well, they talk a lot.
Married twice, divorced twice, what the hell does he know about it?
Just because a marriage doesn't last forever doesn't mean it's a failure.
Do you have a secret admirer, Piers?
Phaedra Parks.
So who has time for romance?
Kandi Burruss.
Donny Deutsch, you've been married and divorced twice, what do you think gives you the possible right to now put yourself up there as Mr. Love Guru expert to the nation's women?
Jump right into it.
Are you reformed character?
Yes.
One of them is 24 years old?
And the other ones are 3 and 7.
You just changed or?
I think that it's a combination of age, it's a combination of mistakes.
Are men romantic really?
I don't think men by nature are what I call romantic.
Does she like football?
She loves football.
Really?
Here's why.
Are you a fine human being?
I'm flawed but I think very funny.
What are the flaws?
The flaws --
Do we have an hour?
Yes.
Why?
Maybe because where I was in my career, I think the third time will be the charm for me.
You think you will get remarried again?
EUTSCH: I think so.
Third time?
Yes.
You've been married twice, right?
Yes.
When you look back on it, what have you learned?
I was married to two great women.
And you ask yourselves together, should we renew this contract, this business arrangement we have?
EUTSCH: I must say (INAUDIBLE), but I do think like in anything, in a business relationship, in a friendship, in any type of a partnership, it's not unconditional.
Do you believe that?
Yes.
Do you believe that (INAUDIBLE) change their spots?
Yes.
Are women taking this seriously so far?
Yes.
-- are believing you're some sort of love guru?
Yes.
And you refer to things as what?
Yes, it's like, just get over right.
You can't say that with a straight face, can you?
I can't really.
OK?
Exactly.
Everybody's got something, right?
As a powerful ad man, you know, one of the top executives in New York and you've seen how America has gone through a very tough period.
What would you do to get America back on its feet?
I think what I would do, and I know this is not going to be a popular answer.
But isn't the answer really to do business with them?
Well, if you look at the history of the world there needs to be a check and balance.
What is your assessment of her as a potential challenger to the White House?
She's unelectable.
Is every brand rescuable?
No.
I mean, it's Lindsay Lohan right now, if you were able to rebrand her, you could rescue her?
She's waiting to happen.
Who is not rescuable?
Somebody that commits a horrible act to children or somebody that murders, or someone -- we even saw Michael Vick, you know, who did an almost horrific, horrific thing, and what he did with these dogs.
Which has been the biggest aphrodisiac to women?
Power, no question.
How appealing do you think you are to women?
I think --
And I want any control -- I want to play back how many times you said rich, handsome, powerful -- what were the other ones?
Rich, handsome, powerful and a big house.
Hello, great, how are you?
Before we go any further, ladies, I want you to respond immediately to Donny's claims -- his two claims, really.
What is your instant reaction?
I would have to say I do like a bit of a bad boy.
Do you know now?
Mm-hmm.
Is he the kind of guy a woman would go to for genuine advice about her difficulties with a man?
Absolutely.
Really?
I would think so.
Would you?
I'm not sure.
Would you look at him now, with this cheeky grin, the twinkle in the eye, and think I reckon he's about to settle down seriously?
I didn't say about to.
Ladies, we are ticking all the boxes here, aren't we?
Yes.
You don't?
Never.
Are you going to get divorced, do you think?
It's possible.
Why has it come to this, do you think?
Just a lot of things that have happened in our marriage over the years.
A bad boy?
He has been a bad boy, here and there, over the years.
What do you think?
Let's bring in the gurus.
What would you say?
I don't think there should be any secrets.
Do you want to share the rest of your life with him?
I don't know.
Bryce and Brent, right?
Yes.
When you have kids -- you've got three kids -- how much more difficult is it to simply say this marriage is over, move on, when there are kids involved?
Very difficult.
Doesn't it eventually erode trust?
Yeah, it would.
From what you've heard, what should she do?
She should follow her heart.
Because every guy that you go out with, you're thinking would he be a good step dad?
Exactly.
That's who I am, you know?
Exactly.
Are you dating?
It's cool, but I know you don't -- I don't know if you watch our show.
If you are being self-critical, how much has been your fault and how much has been the guy's fault?
It depends.
Or is it great sex?
I think it has something to do with where they are in their life curve, frankly.
Is he right?
Yes.
Isn't passion key here, ladies?
Yes, definitely.
Why are you happily married, do you think?
I guess because I'm committed to the marriage.
What do you think now when you hear that?
I think that's so brilliant, because you have a great business strategy about your marriage.
Yes or no?
Yes, I think I would.
How can we help you?
Well, I have a question.
What's your view, Lauren?
Now I think he's right.
I was wondering what are your top tips for keeping your partner happy in a relationship?
It's interesting.
Why don't he try something new?
I didn't say all the time try -- he should.
Is it going to grow?
Love guru doesn't have an answer to that one.
What's your question?
Hi, everyone.
I want to know she like better, Piers or Anderson Cooper?
Oh, I love that question.
Let's get that one out of the way first?
I love Anderson.
What?
I'm sorry.
Do you know what you're doing tonight?
I'm not quite sure, but it will be something sexy and romantic with my husband.
Where will you be tonight?
I'm not dating anybody, so I'll just be with myself.
Footloose and fancy free in New York?
Yes.
Mimi, what are you doing?
I'm free as a bird.
Donnie, you in?
I'm in.
Why do you have to be romantic on this day?
I think every woman wants to feel special.
So it's important to you?
Yes, yes.
For all three of you, this is a big day?
All the holidays are a big day to me.
She's in New York, any advice?
Well, she better walk Wall Street.
Where are you going to be?
One of you producers asked me the same question.
The men should come to you, shouldn't they?
I think they should find you.
Could you go out with a poor guy?
Yes.
Could you go out with a poor guy now?
He can't be totally poor, because I don't want to take care.
So they have to be wealthy?
No.
You can take me, Donnie or Anderson Cooper?
I'm taking you.
Wait, say that again?
Desert island, rest of your life, me, Anderson Cooper, Donnie Deutsch.
Janet, how are you?
I'm very giddy right now.
Giddy?
Yes.
How do you feel?
I'm not very keen about doing interviews.
Why not?
I'm not much of a talker.
Which one have I got today?
I don't know.
You are two people, aren't you?
Yes.
Three or four?
Say you're 3 or 4.
Would you take that?
Well, there were two things that I wanted.
Did you really?
Yes.
If you had that power again not to be famous, would you prefer not to be or do you quite like it?
I don't mind it.
Isn't it skull and cross bones?
Yes.
Is this -- what are they, the heads of interviewers who've disappointed you over the years?
I told you.
Which one is it?
It's this one.
Sort of creepy, isn't it?
No.
Really?
I don't think so.
How many skull-like things do you have?
Oh, I don't know.
She did the whole week?
She was laughing but it was just ridiculous.
What would you do?
It's bingeing.
ORGAN: Do you?
Yes.
What made you suddenly think I've got to get a grip?
It's been a few times.
How depressed did you get?
There was -- it was pretty bad.
ORGAN: What's "pretty bad"?
It depends.
Michael called you Donk, didn't he?
Yes.
Do you think in your case it affected you more than any of them realized, that it was all chipping away at your self-esteem?
Yes.
Really?
Yes.
Hard?
Yes.
What were you thinking when you did that?
I --
Crazy?
No.
Did you ever feel suicidal?
No.
Everyone has it, right?
Yes.
What kind of things?
I hear about -- OK.
What?
Yes.
People do that?
Yes.
How would you position him?
I think my father means well.
How old were you then?
I was very young.
Does he -- does he ever tell you that he loves you?
Yes, he has.
He has that?
He has done that before.
Well, you think I'm going to sit here and lie to you?
Maybe.
When did you last talk to him?
Honestly it's not often.
Months?
It's been -- oh, no.
Do you feel sad you don't have a relationship with him that is better?
Not anymore.
What did you call him?
Joseph.
And what happened?
He said no.
Do you think you'll have children?
I hope so.
Do you worry the clock is ticking or not?
No.
Have you come close to thinking right, I'm going to have a baby now?
I never really thought about having children until I got with Jermaine Dupree, when he and I were together.
Don't you -- be a good mom?
I hope so.
What would you do differently if you had a child to the way your father treated you?
A lot of attention.
Do you feel he smiles down on you?
Yes.
The kid?
Yes.
When you came along and you became his back watcher, and you both got a little bit older each time, how did your relationship evolve?
We were very close.
Did you?
Yes.
Have you got to that stage yet?
Yes.
What do you think about?
About passing out the dinners to the homeless.
What was the misconceptions of Michael, do you think?
Very sweet.
Do you think most people misunderstood him?
Yes.
Is it that?
This -- this -- this one on one it's just -- even -- one on one or are getting in front of a small group, that's difficult for me.
Isn't that weird?
It is weird.
Isn't that crazy?
I mean, I can't -- I don't know what that's like because I've never done that.
Where do you want to start?
You're the one who wants to talk about it.
Am I?
I think so.
Well yes, they're a bit more prudish in America, aren't they?
Yes.
It could be, couldn't it?
Possibly.
Really?
No, truly in love five.
How come it just went from three to five?
Because I wasn't --
You high maintenance, low maintenance, middle maintenance?
I always thought I was low maintenance.
What?
Your extensive entourage, it appears to suggest that maybe --
Extensive?
-- middling to high.
Is it that bad?
It's not that bad.
Have you -- have you ever been a diva?
I don't think so.
Well, which one did you mean?
LaToya.
She loves being a diva, doesn't she?
I mean, she's beautiful.
What went wrong there?
Oh, I can't speak about it, unfortunately.
Oh, really?
Yes.
Are you?
I think so.
I've got skulls everywhere, see?
You have -- you've got even more skulls.
I mean it's a bit weird, isn't it?
No.
You say you like them, don't you?
Yes, but you talk about love and everything and then you're just covered in skulls.
But what's wrong with that?
I don't know.
I don't -- to you, do I have an accent?
Of course you do.
I do?
ORGAN: Yes.
If I wanted to make you really happy, how would I do it?
I don't know if you could.
Are you excited?
I'm so excited.
What's been the best moment of your life?
It would have to be a moment that I'm not going to go into but a moment with my family.
Is this the U.S. military's dirty secret?
Nobody wants to say that there's been a rape in their command.
How many cases are we seeing per year and is it getting worse?
In the last report by the Sexual Assault Prevention Response Office in fiscal year 2009, over 3,000 -- 3,230 sexual assaults were reported throughout DOD, all the four branches.
Why have you taken that step and do you think you can be successful?
Well, the case has been brought by Berk Peel LLC, a law firm in Washington, D.C. and we're -- sort of spokesman and consultant for the suit.
What was happening to you before you got raped?
Well, it is a very hyper masculine culture and I did a predominantly male job.
What did you do?
My first reaction was I just want to go home.
So Myla, in essence, you end up getting sexually abused and raped and you then get thrown out of the military, and this is after nine years of great service to your country?
Right, I was administratively discharged and I spent five years after my discharge fighting with the Department of Defense to get my record corrected and five years after my discharge in 2005 I was finally awarded a medical retirement.
Is that one of the main reasons that you didn't pursue this and didn't report it?
It was.
And Rebekah, you actually went to one of the army chaplains who gave you some extraordinary advice, didn't he?
Yes, about a year later, I had gotten out of the army and moved to Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri, and I ran into the guy that raped me and went into a little bit of shock and requested to speak to a sexual assault response coordinator or to a chaplain.
Which is really unacceptable?
Completely, and it's even worse in job fields that tend to be male dominated.
And what would you say, Myla?
I would say that it is very much a command accountability issue and institutionally the military is sexist but most of the workplaces that I worked in when I was in the Army, the leadership had zero tolerance for any sexual harassment so in the workplaces in which the command did not support that atmosphere I didn't have any problems.
Or is that an unfair labeling really of the situation?
Well, I think sexism is allowed to exist generally in the military but the larger problem with sexual abuse in the military is there's no institutional accountability.
What happened when this all became a public matter for you?
Well, at the time that I was approached by the investigator to give a statement, I already knew at that time that giving a statement would end my career in CID.
Yes, but did everybody ostracize you or were there any Good Samaritan types who came forward to offer you protection?
Well, several of my good friends really stood by me throughout this ordeal.
Did you have the same experience as Myla?
I did not, and I did not because I chose to use a restricted reporting option and that's exactly why I chose to use that option because I knew if I started an investigation that there would be the ostracism -- the criticism.
Myla, the option that Rebekah is talking about, what is that exactly and why didn't you take it?
The restricted reporting option is an option in which a victim can report the crime to only certain individuals including medical personnel and the necessary evidence will be collected and then the victim can maintain some level of confidentiality, but they are actually ordered not to talk to anybody else about it, not even friends.
What is the situation?
Well, of course, I mean there are lots of positives.
Did you see any abuse when you were serving?
Absolutely.
And do you remain proud of your service in the military?
I actually don't regret joining the military at all.
Rebekah, how about you?
I don't regret it, but I don't think that I would do it again.
What happens?
Well, we'll se what happens with the lawsuit.
What would your message be to any young woman watching this who has been interested in pursuing a career in the military, but is now horrified at what she's hearing?
I would encourage any young woman or man to follow his or her dreams and to join the military if that's what they want to do.
Second?
-- "America's Got Talent" obviously.
How do you feel now it's all out in the open?
You know, I feel relief.
How old were you at the time?
I was five years old.
Then what happened?
Then he would touch me inappropriately and I knew it was inappropriate.
Even at the age of five?
Even at the age -- I just felt uncomfortable.
Classic pedophile behavior, isn't it?
Absolutely.
At the time, did you tell your mother or your stepfather anything about it?
I couldn't.
What was your mother's reaction, in particular, when you said to her that you had also been through this?
I -- what I remember -- because it's such a foggy memory since I was just five years old, I just remember them in shock and then the next thing I remember is I'm testifying against him in court at age six.
ORGAN: Can you remember much of that?
I can just remember the feeling I felt.
That she left you with this guy?
Sometimes I feel like both of them feel guilty.
What's been the impact to you psychologically, do you think?
I think a lot, growing up with no self-esteem, no confidence, getting into abusive relationships in high school with men, not knowing my boundaries, feeling like I always need to please and have no self-respect for who I am.
What kind of child were you before that happened, do you think?
Quiet.
Why did you do that?
Because I was scared to be alone.
He keeps spinning you the same old story, isn't it?
When -- you know when he came back and he was upset, I felt like I couldn't leave.
What made you finally do it?
URKE: My dancing, just being called from New York, a great -- a great opportunity for me here happened.
And never looked back?
Never looked back.
How are you now, do you think, psychologically?
I think I'm still healing and I'm a work in progress, for sure.
Do you have bad days, when you just lose it because of all that's happened to you?
Not so much meltdowns.
Do you -- do you trust men?
I have a hard time trusting men.
But I can imagine every one that comes up to you, particularly if you're famous, it's even more difficult to get any kind of trust going, isn't it?
I do.
-- and people poking fun at you?
Yes, I mean put -- putting yourself -- I was put on blast for my weight.
So when you look at yourself there, what do you think?
No, I don't think I'm fat.
I mean, this is dangerous stuff, isn't it?
It is dangerous.
What would you say to the old man who took away your innocence?
I would say thank God I testified against you.
What will I call you?
Your royal highness.
By what right?
By divine right if you must.
Why should I waste my time listening?
Because I have a right.
Do you think it is?
That will have to be for others to decide or for me to decide when I'm so old that I'm other -- it'll be in knotting away trying to grasp at any memories I have dictating my memoirs.
What did you think of Bertie, of King George VI?
I found the most -- I fell in love with him completely.
I've actually heard some of the real footage of King George VI, and it's painful listening, isn't it?
It is.
When you're in the supermarket, and you're trying to order something, do you lapse into Bertie, just start stammering because you just got so used to that voice?
When I'm in a supermarket, yes.
Aren't we both lucky?
Well, I thought I was lucky.
Do you quite like the fact of having been Darcy and having been in "Bridget Jones'" stuff where you play the classic archetype of charmer that the last two great roles you've had, "Single Man" and "King's Speech," you're not actually playing that kind of character?
I do relish that.
You prefer it as an actor?
Of course.
But where does that leave you?
Leave me taking out the trash.
Is she amused by your sex symbol image?
Yes.
She's Italian, of course?
She's Italian.
How's your Italian?
(Speaking in foreign language)
Do you think all -- you know, do you find John Major sexy?
Not personally, no.
When we come back, what's the biggest turkey?
We don't go there.
Any kind of normality in that relationship?
IRTH: You know, I -- we've made it 15 years together.
How do you avoid the shallow pitfalls of temptation like a thrown Hollywood heartthrob away?
It does help to actually realize that however stunning the person who's, you know, fluttering eyelashes at you is she doesn't do anything to match up to your wife.
And you don't really talk about them much, but as they get older, your children, would it unnerve you if they wanted to go into acting?
Oh, yes.
What would he have made of your success?
Well, he's still around.
Have I?
Apparently.
What's the biggest turkey?
We don't go there.
What's the worst?
We can't, you see.
Why not?
Because --
It's amazing, isn't it?
Spectacular.
Can I have all of them?
You can have two.
Do you like to do love scenes?
I like the idea of them.
Do you think no one would notice if you stepped in as a body double?
ORGAN: This is what I'm thinking.
I mean can any wife enjoy watching their beloved husband romping with Scarlet Johansson?
I doubt it.
But if you were to introduce him yourself, how would you describe him?
I would describe him as my geisha girl.
Where is your hair?
Oh, I'm doing a film about Humpty Dumpty down here.
How would you describe your relationship with Colin?
Well, we --
Do you believe in the royal family?
Oh.
Have you met any of them?
I have briefly met Prince Charles and I think he's a very, very interesting, very civil and civilized person.
Do you think the institution is a good one?
I like really voting.
Unelected institution isn't really your cup of tea?
It is a problem for me, yes.
Have you had a private bet between each other as to who may actually walk away with the old statue?
I'll let that one drift over to Australia.
Geoffrey?
I think Helena Bonham Carter will get it, and Colin and I won't, and will be furious.
Is it as nerve wrecking as I imagine it would be?
It's a post modernist experience I think, Piers.
What are you so afraid of?
Your poisonous words.
What was Colin like to work for, in terms of him working to you as a producer?
That -- that credit, I think, is more on the creative side.
How are you?
Very well.
How are you?
I'm very well.
Did you ever meet the queen mother?
Yeah, I did, actually, when I was very, very young, a long, long time ago, at the premier of "A Room With a View.
The two heavily-ego'd movie stars?
They talk a lot.
Duke of York?
Yes, the Duke of York.
Am I considered the enemy?
You will be if you remain unobliging.
Have you, Geoffrey?
But then ask him.
What are your early thoughts, Helena?
Don't know.
But what are your views on Colin Firth the sex symbol?
I did fancy him in his uniform, with the medals.
Do you remember that?
Yes.
You like him as Darcy?
Yeah, yeah, I did, I did.
Would you fancy Piers in the same uniform?
No.
Wasn't it?
To see a woman come out who is a 48-year-old spinster in a tiny Scottish village, and everyone's laughing at here, and she's able to sing like Elaine Page, and we're all sniggering and everything else.
If Susan Boyle was here now Colin, singing "I Dreamed a Dream," would you dream involve the Academy Awards end of February, standing there clutching the gong, making the speech you've been preparing and practicing for probably 40 years?
You know, the thing that happens with this age -- this extraordinary advanced age I've reached is that it's not the long-term memory going.
Is it the pinnacle?
I don't know how much one even really dares to contemplates dreams on that scale, really.
Can I chip in here?
IRTH: Yeah, go on, darling.
How could we forget?
He couldn't have been king without her.
What do you know?
Well, what I can see, Piers, is that the eastern part of the country seems to be under the control of anti-Gadhafi forces.
And we could see a completely different situation to the one we saw in Egypt, couldn't we?
Absolutely.
Did you know if this is true?
What we're hearing from people here is that, indeed, that was the case in Tripoli.
Well, currently, or the past couple of days?
Well, currently first, and then maybe give me an overview of what you believe is the bigger picture here.
I mean how many people do you think are getting killed here, Adam?
It's tough to say, honestly, because you hear a lot of numbers.
Do they have the persistence, do you think, to go through with this?
I truly believe they do, Piers.
If you're an American watching this, what should you be thinking?
LITZER: Well, you should be thinking, first of all, about the young people who are going to die.
But if you're at the White House and you're making the call here, if this all kicks off in the way some fear it may and we're seeing widespread attacks on the people of Libya, should America intervene?
I don't think America should intervene by itself, but it wouldn't be out of the question to see an international coalition get together and do something to try to stop the bloodshed.
What are the Europeans going to do?
I think it's a fascinating dilemma for all European governments right now.
Big calls for these politicians right now, isn't it?
There's enormous ramifications for the people of Europe, southern Europe, Italy, especially, but all of those countries are going to watch this.
Where will it end?
Well, I mean, you know, if I knew, boy, I'd be in that next spot.
That's a major escalation, isn't it?
Oh, it's huge.
Shouldn't we be encouraging and supporting what we're witnessing here?
We should.
How bad has this earthquake been?
Yes, we're starting to get reports out of the city of Christchurch, which is in the south islands of New Zealand.
What are you hearing from your sources in Libya?
Well, what I'm hearing is that Gadhafi is using the air force, using helicopters, bombing Tripoli.
How far will he go?
Well, good evening, Mr. Morgan.
I mean how bad would it get?
Well, I believe we've heard his son Saif say that we're going to go down to the last bullet.
What kind of man is he in private when you meet him?
Just like every other politician.
Can I please -- can I come in?
Gentlemen, thank you all very much for your time.
What is your view of that decision?
Well, he allegedly had terminal prostate cancer.
Do you think you'll ever get any kind of peace or justice?
UDSON: I think now there's a very excellent opportunity for the full truth to come out.
Victoria, is there anything he could do now?
Well, justice has been denied to all of us.
What -- Paul, I was going to ask you, what do you believe prompted the attack on that flight?
Well, we don't know for sure.
Why did you do that?
Well, it was the terms of the -- the settlement had been offered to the families as a no-fault settlement.
With all of your experience, where do you see this going?
Well, I think the bottom line is that this regime is doomed.
What can the west do collectively to try to get involved here?
I think a first step, it's absolutely crucial that President Obama now come out and state very clearly that the United States is on the side of the Libyan people in this fight, to rally the international community, at least the civilized world to that -- to that call for action.
And if he does go, where would he end up?
I wouldn't take it for granted that the regime is going to crumble.
How would you position Gadhafi?
I would say that there was clearly, for a long time, several decades, Gadhafi was, in fact, something of America's public enemy number one in the Middle East.
Where do you see this developing?
In the long term, Piers, it's good news for the economy, in the sense it will be a balanced and more stable economy.
Tom Kloza, would you agree with that assessment?
Well, I'd agree with it in the short term.
If that was to happen, that could have a very negative impact on the American economy, couldn't it?
It could.
How important has the Internet and social networking been in Libya, compared to the other uprisings we've seen?
I think the fact that the country shut down the Internet and telecom within the country shows that it was very important.
It's not necessarily just because the Internet exists?
Yes.
What are you hearing about China, and whether we can see similar uprisings there, fueled by the Internet and social networking?
I think the key is not the fact that this jasmine -- China's Jasmine Revolution failed.
Ben Wedeman, can you hear me?
Yes, Piers.
What is going on there right now?
Well, at the moment, I think people are really bracing for the possibility that certainly after hearing that rather incoherent but threatening speech from Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi that he may be trying to launch some sort of counteroffensive against the eastern part of the country.
Do you think -- do they believe, as the Egyptian people believed, that they can actually get rid of Gadhafi finally?
Well, I think they do.
What's he potentially able to do?
Well, he still has a fairly sizable air force.
What do you like to be called?
Hef.
What do you make of what we're seeing now?
Very exciting.
And you Tweet, of course?
I do.
But it's fascinating to see so many of these young people in the Middle East taking on these old dictators and bringing them down through sheer force of, we want change, isn't it?
Well, it is the purest form of democracy.
Do you think it's the end of these old kind of dictatorial ruling families around the world who are fleecing their own people?
I think it will be -- you know, I don't think there's a simple answer to that.
What's the answer for America, do you think?
Well, I think we need to get back to fundamentals in terms of -- you know, both conceptually and economically.
What's back to basics?
Well, one of the things I would be thinking about -- I mean what's happened, of course, is that we've outsourced half of our businesses, and national boundaries don't have a lot of meaning anymore.
What do you think?
There's no future in that.
"Playboy" sells around the world, doesn't it?
Yes.
Do you have any sales in places like China at the moment or not?
We are one of the most famous brand in China.
Really?
On the mainland of China where the magazine is not yet permitted, we are one of the most famous menswear brands.
So you sell the merchandise, but you can't sell the magazine?
That's correct.
Really?
Yes.
It can't be long before "Playboy" is allowed to be on sale?
Yes.
What's the fast way that Obama can try and sort this?
Man, you're asking the wrong guy in terms of that.
Do you think it's forgotten what it did so magnificently 40, 50 years ago?
Well, not only do we need to put people to work, we need to become more sophisticated in terms of technology.
How excited do you sound in that video?
That was fun.
Hef, what do you possibly see in Crystal?
Yes --
What indeed?
Yes.
Can I see the ring?
Here's the ring.
You could have had any woman in the world -- you've had most of them, so how did you -- how did you narrow it down to Crystal?
Well, I've just -- just literally, you know, it's fate, obviously.
You're going to reveal the date of the wedding?
The date of the wedding.
Can I tell him?
Sure.
And how did you propose, Hef?
Well, it was on Christmas Eve.
What's the magic of Hugh Hefner?
I love Hef.
How long does the average marriage last?
Groucho Marx I think said, you're only as old as the woman you feel.
I mean, do you feel young ladies keep you feeling young?
I do think -- yes, I think without question, a relationship with somebody younger does keep you alive, absolutely.
Could you imagine being faithful to her?
I was faithful -- I was married -- my last marriage, which was not successful, I was faithful to it.
So you actually are going to be genuine faithful to Crystal?
Yes.
Really?
Yes.
So what happens to all the other women in the mansion?
They still come around, every weekend.
But they're not allowed anymore to partake?
They're not allowed upstairs.
So you've hung up your sword, for want of a better phrase?
Well, you never know.
But you honestly believe Hef will not have sex with any other woman ever again other than you?
I don't know what to say.
So as long as she goes along with it, it's fine?
Yes.
Do you feel lucky?
Oh.
I mean do you talk about politics much with Hef, I'd imagine?
No, no, we don't talk about politics.
Do you ever watch that?
Yes, we watch it.
You have?
Yes.
How am I doing?
Good.
What other sort of war wounds do you have?
Well, I have a lower back problem which I got in the wars.
I suppose, Crystal, when you look at the young Hef, I mean do you kind of wish that you were with him when he was that age?
I mean, I think he looks great at all ages.
When you see yourself back in those firebrand days?
I wish that we would have met earlier.
Is that true?
Essentially, yes.
So you always try and stay friends with them all?
Yes.
Have they all taken news of the engagement well, or has there been a little bit of (INAUDIBLE) tension?
Some have been kind --
Some tension?
Anger and some not quite so kind.
Who's taken it the worst, Crystal, would you say?
I don't know.
Holly -- Holly, OK about it?
Yes.
Where Holly was, you mean?
Yes.
What was the tally then?
I don't know what the number was.
Is there anything -- is there anything more important to your life than sex?
Oh, yes, absolutely.
Like what?
Well, I think that perhaps love, friendship.
And how much is you -- I don't want to be personal but how much is your ability to continue having a good sex life down to the wonder drug Viagra?
Well, I wouldn't want to try it without.
What do you guys talk about?
Everything.
What do you talk about?
Well, almost everything.
Did you do this?
Well, actually, that's a damned good question.
Did you know Marilyn Monroe?
She was actually on my -- in my brother's acting class in New York,.
She was a remarkable -- Dennis Hopper was in that class too, wasn't he?
Yes.
For you two, when you get married, what will be a classic normal day?
Well, it's fairly well structured.
How much of the "Playboy" brand, do you think, is down to you, personally?
Well, I certainly didn't do it alone.
You didn't even lose your virginity until you were in your 20s?
My parents were very puritan, Nebraska farm people.
What would they have made of the empire you've built?
Well, they were around long enough to see what it was all about.
To get it all going?
She got it all back, many, many times over.
What did you want to achieve with the brand?
I wanted to create a lifestyle magazine.
He still is, right?
Yes.
He's always been a bit of a naughty boy, hasn't he?
Yeah!
What?
It's true.
Bieber wants to come to the playboy mansion?
ARRIS: I have Bieber fever.
What's going to happen to him?
He'll do all right.
Is that the point of these parties?
I think that's the idea.
Can people go there and have sex non grata and things?
I've walked in on a couple of people in the game house.
Is this going to be a healthy place for Justin Bieber to find himself?
He's going to bring his father.
Do you want to grow up?
I think that's the key.
Cooper, how are you?
I'm good.
How do you feel about that?
I mean, it is what it is.
But it is a bit weird, isn't it?
Not really.
What's it like being Hugh Hefner's son?
I knew you were going to ask that too.
Am I that predictable?
It's -- again, I don't have anything else to base it off of.
What kind of dad is he?
He's a good dad.
How's he done?
He's a fantastic son.
You must be very popular with your band mates?
Yeah.
A young teenager, maybe?
Yeah.
Could you imagine going into the business?
Absolutely.
Do you think you will?
We've talked about it.
I mean, what else do you ask for besides wanting your parents to be happy?
We have fun.
What is life like in the mansion for you?
Well, I have a girlfriend.
If you could sum it up in one word, what would you say?
It's good.
Why was it important to you, the Hollywood sign?
I grew very much influenced by the movies.
How old would you like to see?
EFNER: There's a song Sinatra did.
Do you worry about dying?
No.
And it's good?
It's good.
Life's pretty good right now?
Never been better.
Of all the pin-ups you've ever had in the history of "Playboy," what's been your personal favorite?
Well, it all began with Marilyn Monroe.
Would that be your favorite?
It would have to be.
Do you think she was the greatest pin up of them all?
I think she's the major sex star of the 20th century.
And you bought that picture for 500 dollars and it became a business that's worth -- what are you worth now?
I stopped counting a while back.
Can I guess?
I don't know.
But you're north of 100 million dollars, right?
Yes, yes.
Or have you been able to adapt to changing dynamics?
It has to do with adapting.
What would you like you epitaph to say?
As somebody who had some positive impact on changing the social sexual values of his time.
How do you think you'll be remembered?
The same.
When push comes to shove and you have to assess him as a cultural figure in America, how do you think he'll rate?
I think that he's done incredible things.
What have you found since getting there?
What I found, Piers, is something amazing, that local people -- lawyers, businessmen and others -- have set up what amounts to an ad hoc government with committees dealing everything, food supply, public health, even garbage collection.
Could this be over quickly?
It's not clear but it's a much more complicated situation.
How are you?
I am well.
Does it feel weird being on that side of the desk?
A little.
Is it?
Yes.
Do you like it?
Yes.
What did you make of him?
Difficult.
What's your overview of him?
I think he may not last.
Which is extraordinary, right?
Yes.
You think he's the kind of character that would?
I don't think he's going to run.
Do you feel more able to give opinion now out of the nightly show?
Not really, no, because I'm going to do other things.
If I asked you what you thought of Obama and how he's getting on, what would you say?
I would say he had a difficult start.
What do you think would happen if they do?
They would win.
Where did he finish?
Well, it's actually interesting.
I mean Trump does have kind of appeal, doesn't he?
ING: But he -- I love Donald, but he does this every election.
Who did?
CNN poll -- I think Kennedy won.
Who would be the one in your lifetime that you think was the most effective president?
Clinton.
Have you read the full quote?
I'm dangerous.
I thought you are -- what you did was or what they did -- were you being facetious when you said I was dangerous?
Well, look --
Was that an attempt at British humor?
Let me ask you.
How many of my shows have you watched?
About -- now about eight.
You have?
I haven't seen you dangerous yet.
What's wrong with that?
I suppose I've always oversold myself.
Right?
That's not strictly true.
When you said dangerous, what did you mean?
I think -- I was only kidding.
British humor?
Yes, it is British.
What are the things that when you wake up you think, wow?
I miss asking questions.
You did?
No, twice.
For screaming at the officials?
Two things ticked me about that.
Do you ever hit?
No, no, no.
Have you got that in you?
No, no, no.
Why do you think the ratings fell in the way that they did in your last couple of years?
I think television changed.
You know it's like the old joke about enough about me, let's talk about you, what do you think of me?
Yes.
I thought -- you've always got to quit leaving the public wanting more, isn't it?
Yes.
You shed a tear?
It was tough.
What?
Wait a minute.
These are diamonds?
You bet your ass they are.
Where did you get that ring?
Richard.
Or is it seven times?
Seven times.
Did you ever think it might have been easy if the two of you just got together early?
Never thought of it.
In a good way?
Yes.
What do you -- I mean are you an incurable romantic at heart?
I like romance.
For how long?
Until the flower guy said, you know, she leaves a note, just leave it.
Is this the last time?
Yes.
I'm going to -- we're going to have some announcements coming?
Yes, tell me what you're up to.
And when is your stand-up tour starting?
It starts in April in Torrington, Connecticut, and I'm going to do comedy and talk about life.
What's that?
Well, this is a little gift for you.
Do they call them braces?
Suspenders are for lady's underwear.
So I've been wearing lady's underwear?
That's what the Brits think.
Let me ask you both -- and maybe start with you Alicia, why do you believe that it was the damage to Dave's head that caused what happened to him?
Dave was a brilliant man.
So, clearly, when he wrote that, he believed that the -- what he had suffered since giving up football had made him reach the point of wanting to take his life?
I wouldn't say -- I don't know if -- I don't want to put word's in Dave's mouth, if that's the real reason he took his life.
Do you remember when he came home after those games, what kind of condition he was in?
Sometimes he would come home and he had extreme headaches, dizziness, and he was just tired and he would want to just lay down for a while and just relax.
You suffered a concussion yourself, didn't you?
I did, playing in high school.
Do you think it's a credible link between that kind of impact damage and the depression and brain damage that follows afterwards?
I think these guys that are playing in the NFL now are very large and very fast.
Let me ask you, Tregg, what kind of man was your father?
He was a great man.
Alicia, what would you say about Dave now?
I would say that I'm very proud of Dave, that even in his darkest moment that he thought of others, and he wanted to help future athletes, future players that would come into the sport.
What do you think?
Amazingly, piers, the research is still pretty early.
What do you make of what you heard from Sanjay?
I make what he says is very correct.
Tregg, let me ask you, finally, when you think of your father, does any part of you now wish he had never played NFL?
Well, I mean, I would want my father to do what he loved.
It's not going to get any better, is it?
I asked Tregg and Odis, who was a player with David, that same question yesterday.
What are you feeling now?
It was much tougher on Lindsay than it was on us.
What do you say to that?
Justifiably, no doubt, 100 percent.
Will that be a wake up call for all of you, do you think?
It's been a wake up call for me.
Does Lindsay know she's going to jail?
She's afraid she is.
Her lawyer said to you this is pretty likely?
OHAN: No.
Do you think she's innocent of stealing the jewelry?
Absolutely.
Is she scared, Michael?
Of course she is.
Do you think she could cope with being in jail, given the state that she's reached?
Of course.
Do you think becoming famous and wealthy just made the whole situation ten times worse?
People ask me that because they compare me to Billy Ray Cyrus, what he's going through.
Will you come back again and talk more about this?
Absolutely.
What are you hearing that might be remotely factual?
Well, there is obviously a lot of confusion about the information coming out.
He will die for the cause if need be and he's going to create as much bloodshed as it takes to try and stay in power, isn't he?
That does seem to be the case.
How much longer can you hold on?
I don't know.
Already here in Libya, it's a completely different case, isn't it?
Absolutely.
That makes this a very dangerous situation, doesn't it?
Yes.
I mean this is sort of potential Armageddon for Libya if any of this actually happens, isn't it?
Certainly is.
Can you hear me?
I'm sorry.
Commissioner Kelly, this is pretty worrying, isn't it?
Well, it certainly is cause for concern for those of us here in New York.
Would you say that the risk now to cities like New York and America is greater than it was in 2001, for example?
Well, I think the risk has been pretty consistent.
Do you think the national homeland security threat level should be raised?
No, not for this.
Is that not an increased threat that perhaps they will try something to reinforce that point?
It's possible.
This gentleman broke into your house a few -- a couple of weeks ago?
I think gentleman would be an overstatement.
How would you describe him?
Well, we have described him as mentally ill and he is currently in a lockdown of a psychiatric unit.
Were you there at the time?
No, no.
What was your feeling when you heard about this?
Well, my feeling was just simply to react logically.
Evasive, I imagine?
You know --
Do you get a lot of crank people turning up?
TONE: Well, as I'm sure you've come to realize with your own celebrity, you get all kinds of fans and all kinds of incidents.
You were there stalking me?
Not stalking you.
When would you call it?
I don't really think of it like that.
What are the negatives?
I don't -- I don't really leap to the negatives.
15 or 17?
Sixteen, yes.
What was the advice they gave you?
They really talked to me about keeping my feet on the ground and really enjoying every moment and really staying in my gratitude and grace.
ORGAN: When you have the kind of incident you've had to deal with recently, is any part of you wish you could turn back on the anonymity cloak that you once had?
No.
What?
-- kind of stop being crossed.
Was it you that made it the most paused moment?
I'm happy to claim all credit for this, seriously.
TONE: You were in there with the remote?
How do you feel -- seriously, you're the most paused woman in the history of movies, that moment.
Are you proud of that moment?
I think that the film as a whole, because it's been like, 18, 19 years -- I think the film has actually held up for people and has created a sort of passage for a sexual identification for people, and a way for people to speak about the way that they feel about themselves, the way they want to communicate about their sexuality.
Because you kind of admired the way she went about her work?
How I became like her was not in a sexual sense.
Were you horrified?
I think more I was just so shocked and I was embarrassed not to be able to process it alone with him than I was so horrified.
Have you talked to him recently?
I -- I don't think I've spoken directly to him lately.
ORGAN: Do you think it is karma?
I think part of it genuinely is karma.
Not going to let me in?
Who knows what you're going to do in there.
Who do you fancy this year?
The wonderful thing about this year is there are so many great people in all the categories.
Which way are you going?
TONE: You know, I think both those films and "The Fighter" - these are kind of films that just -- all of them were just so astonishing that I had to watch all of them more than one time.
If you could only watch one again the rest of your life, what would it be?
If could I only watch one film for the rest of my life, it's probably not a film from this year.
What would be the movie?
I'm a huge Bertolucci fan.
Are you going to be on the carpet on Sunday?
Well, I have to get in there.
Do you like it?
That's how you get in.
Billion of people around the world going, what's she wearing?
You know, I don't really think about it like that anymore, because this has been my life for so long.
Is there a vacancy?
I don't really to have get back to you about the men in my life, Piers.
Where would you go?
I would say all of the above.
ORGAN: Really?
Yes.
Not true?
Their just over-anxious about me being alone.
You don't look like you've had any scalpel stuff there?
TONE: No.
Can you?
Actually, mine is natural.
Would you ever go under the knife?
I hope not.
Is that right?
Yes.
How are they getting on?
They're really good.
ORGAN: How are you getting on being a single mom?
Well, you know, when I had this bright idea that I should go ahead and pursue this course of action, I was a younger person.
Do you need a guy to help you out?
You're trolling here.
What the hell was I wearing?
Look how cute we are.
How are you?
Lovely to be here.
And I'm delighted you've joined our team, because this is the wedding of the century, isn't it?
This is going to be the biggest royal story, yes, since Diana and Charles.
And looking at pictures of William and Kate with their first proper royal engagement up in Wales, what did you make of it?
This was crunch time.
She seems a normal girl, doesn't she?
She is so down to Earth.
Have you been invited to the wedding?
I'm going to be covering the wedding for you and for ABC.
Don't we?
I think you're very right.
Why are you here?
Thank you for having me, by the way.
What do you want to achieve with this interview?
I think you should tell them a little of the backstory about how we first met.
Were you unprofessional?
Well, yes, I was late a couple of days when we were just practicing, when it was just rehearsal.
$1.8 million a day?
Doesn't mean I save any.
You know what?
Whatever.
What is the answer to that?
I don't know.
But did you hear that that was the case?
I heard threats of it, yes, which to me felt like OK, that could be real, it could be just -- you know, just an empty threat, I don't know.
That your behavior then had to be moderated?
HEEN: Absolutely, because then it's now we're into commerce.
Were there repeated warnings as they're trying to suggest to people?
There was one.
But as you carried on behaving in this manner and it got into the papers, you would be in big trouble?
There was one, but it wasn't -- it wasn't delivered in a way that was -- that was a threat.
Would it be fair to say you didn't heed that warning?
Well, my hernia didn't heed that warning.
You're not going to blame your hernia for all this?
No, no, no.
And you base that healing plain on previous experience?
Well, yes, I mean I've been to -- you know, a veteran of these wars -- a veteran of the unspeakable at times.
Which carries with -- and do you accept it carries responsibility?
Absolutely.
ORGAN: Which are different?
Absolutely it does.
Do you wish you hadn't gone down certain pathways in the last few months?
I think it's a waste of time, because I can't change it.
What was that?
When I said, guys, I don't want to be gone too long, I can't be gone too long, because I'm worried about the crew.
Do you feel guilty about the impact this -- your particular situation has had on the rest of the crew?
Well, I feel guilty that the perception of it has been that I'm the guy to blame for all of it.
No one is trying to call -- in fact, we're live, right?
Yes.
Do you believe that there was a subliminal plot at CBS that they wanted to get rid of you?
Wow.
You mean like a conspiracy?
Possibly.
Well, plus it begs the question, why didn't they just replace me after season seven when I was asking for a ton of dough and say, all right, well, no, we're going to do the show, but not with you?
Let me ask you a direct question --
Are you under the influence right now of any substance?
No, nothing.
It looks pretty cool to me, you know?
But you took a drug test to prove that you are currently completely drug free.
Yesterday?
The day before.
When was the last time you took a drug?
I don't know because not being, you know, held hostage by AA anymore, I don't count my days because it puts such a premium on them and you run around with your days, going, oh god, how was your day, how was your day, boom, I lost my days.
And then it's like, where did my days go?
You said --
Do you wish you never got on that step?
There's a couple of things I wish I hadn't started.
What about drugs and narcotics?
Drugs, yes.
Where you thought I may die?
Probably more subconsciously, not so much at the forefront of, you know, within the scenario or whatever's taking place.
You know?
So somebody (INAUDIBLE).
Little excited, you know?
Well, no.
That if -- you're on tender hooks with you all the time, that leading your life on the edge like this is a constant worry for family, for friends, for fans, isn't it?
I just -- I wish people would shift that focus on to themselves and their own family and their own friends and just maybe spend a little more time on their home front.
Are you a happy guy?
Absolutely.
Is it as simple as that?
Well, no, I -- as long as I subscribe to the beliefs of others that build these models that don't really leave any room for individuality or creativity or anything that like, you know, they say you've got to surrender and you've got to get rid of your resentments, sit in a room and like be all lame, you know.
How would you have reacted to the star of your number one family comedy, which is watched by families and liked by families, behaving off-screen in the way that you've been behaving?
HEEN: Well, I mean -- if I was -- I'd first look at the writing.
And it's not -- I don't think it comes close to -- I think it eclipses some of the stuff I'm doing out there on my most epic nights, you know?
And of course the irony is your character's not exactly a saint.
There's a certain brand alignment here, isn't there?
Right, but it's OK to smoke cigars, just not cigarettes.
OK?
Right.
Do you think there's a hypocrisy there?
I think that they in some way think that they have some magic literary influence over me by perhaps writing things and then going, oh, my god, look how powerful we are, now he's doing it.
And what function do those goddesses perform?
Gosh, they -- it's -- I mean, name it.
You have two girlfriends, basically?
I do, yeah.
The wedge?
The wedge, yes.
What's the wedge?
The wedge is a football term.
How far do you feel that sense of responsibility, in terms of your personal behavior?
Well, now -- with some distance from it, I realize its value and I plan to maintain it and protect it like a precious gem for the rest of my days.
Do you think you got out of control?
Well, yeah.
It's as bad as you've ever been?
I wouldn't say it was as bad.
Which bender?
The one where you had five women coming to your house at 4:00 in the afternoon.
You do take cocaine, right?
Well, I used to.
What would you have taken on that particular bender?
Well, I hadn't done any for a while, like seven hours, but I had this hernia thing that was popping out.
When they're on the playground, with their friends, all the embarrassment that comes their way?
It's a shame.
So you never -- you've never had any drugs in the house when your kids were around?
No.
But that's just common sense and courtesy, right?
It is.
If you're running a big network like CBS, are you entitled to say you broke the law, therefore you're in breech of your contract?
Well, it's only illegal if I admit to it.
But you wouldn't deny taking loads of cocaine?
Well, no, of course not.
Isn't that a bit of a moot point?
No, I'm talking about some of the sources they put -- that's the basket they put all the eggs in.
I'm on a pink cloud?
Yeah.
Do you feel angry now?
No, I feel more alive.
You're physically fit?
Yeah, no, I was at my high school weight of like 160.
Can you get insurance for movies and stuff because of what's been going on?
Nobody has said that they can't.
What did Mel say to you?
He was just, you know, not calling for any advice, just like thought you might like to hear a friendly voice.
Sean Penn?
Sorry to out you, dude.
What did he say?
He was happy to see me.
Do any of them do that to you?
No.
Oh, you mean during the party or right now?
No, I mean, before -- obviously, now you're off the drugs and stuff.
And when it's guy like that saying it to you, are they the people you listen to more than anybody on the outside?
Yeah, because they know me.
Because you're so competitive, that pressure when you're number one to stay number one, can that in itself drive you to go and seek release, to go and want to go and have a few days getting away from it all?
Of course, that's I'm sure one of the elements that might drive it.
HEEN: Right, you mean the whole store?
Pretty much.
Gosh, where do we go from here?
Only way is up, Charlie.
Do you regret what happened on those two incidents?
Those are two incidents where the scoreboard doesn't lie.
Have you ever hit a woman?
I have not, no.
They're to be hugged and caressed, you know?
A few people that are very close to you have expressed real concern.
Who was that?
Her initials are B.A. I'll give you that much.
You regret that?
Yeah, she was attacking me, though, with a small fork, like a cocktail fork.
Is there ever any defense?
You can't.
But you regret that incident?
Oh, God, yeah.
Stan, where did you go?
He loves you.
What would you say to Stan if he's watching this?
Get back over here and -- and stop with your silliness.
Have you talked to your father?
I have not, no.
You haven't discussed it with him?
No, I'm sure he'll hear something about it in one of these interviews.
Do you not speak to him much?
No, I mean -- he's been out of the country, I think.
Is your game plan to actually end up getting your job back?
Well, I would love that, yeah.
Do you have it in you to be disciplined enough now to not fall by the wayside?
Absolutely.
Were you joking?
No, I was joking about being underpaid.
Where's Dr. Drew when you need him?
Funny enough, we have got a clip from Dr. Drew.
What are his credentials?
Let's take a quick listen to Dr. Drew.
What do you think when you hear that kind of professional?
I think you cannot -- you cannot -- come on, man, that's ridiculous.
Have you seen it work for friends of yours?
Some, yeah.
What do you mean?
Millions of fans just want the show back on the air.
What is is the way to make that happen?
I don't know.
What would you say if you did?
HEEN: I would say, OK, you've agreed to pay the crew four show.
What would you then sign up to, in terms of personal behavior?
I don't -- I guess I would have to play ball on some front.
You know?
You're quite sensitive underneath the brash exterior.
Has any of this really upset you, properly upset you?
I was upset after being kind of picked on and the little bit -- the bad stuff by Chuck and Vanity Cards for eight years.
Really?
No.
Do you regret making the little -- what appeared to be an anti-Semitic dig at him?
Yes, I do.
Would you say sorry to him if you had the chance?
HEEN: Of course I would.
What's your biggest regret of all this?
That --
If you had to do it all over again, what would you do differently?
Again, we have to go back to those moments and bring back a souvenir.
You find out that those that can't stand the heat around them -- they don't really have the guts to survive, you know?
No one from CBS has called in in the last hour.
How much time do we have left?
We gave them the opportunity.
You would do that?
Yeah, I don't have a job.
How do you hope it ends?
I have a vision of us getting back on the air for season nine and then doing season ten.
Have you talked to any of them?
I have not, because I don't feel like there's any real support there.
Do they feel you've let them down?
I don't know.
And if you were advising Charlie Sheen now, what would you do to try and perhaps rebuild the bridge that's crashed around him?
You know, Stan's a very good friend, and he did the right thing.
He's almost playing the Hollywood power game in his own way, and doing it in a way no one's done before, isn't he?
Well, he's certainly playing a power game, but he's playing it with people like Warner Brothers, CBS, Les Moonves, Chuck Laurie.
You wouldn't deny taking hits of cocaine?
Well, no, of course not.
What did you make of the whole interview in context?
I just felt -- I felt a heavy heart.
And if that private life is not adversely affecting his professional working environment, and it didn't seem to be much, then what's the problem?
Well, I think there is a problem because, number one, as Bob said earlier, it was spiraling out of control.
I mean, do you look at a guy and think his life's in danger?
You know, I try to -- I tend to just focus on the here and now.
Does he take any personal responsibility for the deaths of his people right now?
When we ask about that, though, he says no, no reasonable person would shoot peaceful protesters.
Does he think he can just ride this out?
Yes.
And if that is the case, is this good for America and the west, do you think?
Well, to your question about whether it's anti- American or whether it's the people here themselves, it is the people in this region themselves.
Harvey, how are you?
Piers, I'm -- couldn't be better.
Does it get better in Hollywood than being the guy that produced "the movie"?
Well, I was executive producer, but I had a bit to do with it.
What happens in there?
No kneecap.
What's the business of turning around an Oscar campaign?
First of all, "Social Network" is a fabulous movie.
But how did you kill it?
I have to win for me, and I didn't kill them.
What was the key thing that you felt you had to do to get this film back on its tracks?
I think losing the Golden Globe for best picture for me, feeling that that was something that we could win was the absolute thing that instead of making me quit like a lot of people said, absolutely motivated me the complete opposite way.
What are the key things you had to change?
There's only one thing to really do.
How important is it to get your front people out there selling that movie?
It's important to get it -- a movie connected to an audience, and it's important in an Oscar campaign.
ORGAN: When you heard the words "best movie , 'The King's Speech'," what did you feel?
I was elated.
One of the greatest moments of your life?
It's fantastic.
What did you make -- what do you make of the Charlie Sheen story from a position of being a top producer in Hollywood?
I worked with Charlie Sheen.
ORGAN: You think so?
Absolutely.
Would you hire Charlie Sheen?
I'd hire Charlie Sheen to do "Scary Movie 4, 5, 6, 7."
Would you put him in a series maybe or no?
I don't make TV series, so thank god.
How many Oscars have you got at home?
I have about -- probably 15 or 20 at home.
OK?
You've got your work cut out there.
If you could make the ultimate movie for people dead or alive, you know, director, producer, leading man, leading lady, who would it be?
Well, I own a book called "Mila 18".
And who would produce it?
Probably producing it would be Hal Wallace and there's actually somebody alive who is young -- a young man at 87 years old, his name is Walter Mirsh.
Best actor and actress you've ever seen?
I think Katherine Hepburn could play the leading lady.
And the man?
Both Hepburns could play that.
What's the simple answer?
The simple answer is if you don't tell the story from both sides, you will never understand everything we're watching in Libya, Egypt, you know, et cetera.
Was that your intention, was it designed to inspire people more than anything else?
Yes.
And she got -- she married four times and I think you moved how -- 17 times in 12 years?
By the time I was 18, yes.
But the sexual abuse?
The sexual abuse, listen, when you're -- when you're 10 years old and you try to tell your parents, first of all the -- the -- the perpetrator says, you know, no one will believe you.
So what does she make of it?
She said it's pretty personal.
But did -- did part of you think I should talk about this before other people do as your star rises?
No, it wasn't that.
Was that at the back of our mind as well?
Not -- not -- not with the abuse stuff.
I mean, were you aware that what he was doing was wrong?
ROWN: Oh, absolutely.
Why was that?
Embarrassment.
Well what are your thoughts to the man that abused you?
Well, I've moved on.
Strange feeling, isn't it?
Yes, a little bit yes.
And how bad was that?
It was -- well, obviously you read the book --
He punching you?
Yes, yes, we'd be kind of banging on each other.
And the judge, I think, is very smart, isn't he?
Brilliant.
Tell me again what he does?
Well, it was Judge Zolf (ph) from Salem.
Do you think he regrets what he did?
He -- we were out about three weeks ago, went to breakfast and he said -- he looked me right in the eye and he said you know, I just want to say I'm sorry.
But I can see in you now that that makes you emotional, doesn't it?
Yes, Yes.
Is he proud of you now, do you think?
Yes.
Was your mom there as well?
Yes, mom's right next to Aryana (ph) absolutely.
Does it have your head on it?
I wish it did.
It's been a very emotional 20 minutes, hasn't it?
Yes.
What does that mean?
It meant nothing.
For what?
You know what I'm asking you.
Could you be tempted to run for president?
No.
What do -- what do you make of what's happening in the Middle East in the context of America?
Well, I'm hopeful because people are obviously seeking freedom and democracy.
When you see what's going on in the Middle East, where it's happening in an evolutionary way, through the grass roots or the people themselves, isn't it a better way for America to go in the future?
Well, I think every -- every situation, you have to take it on its own merits.
That's it?
That's it.
How about that?
OK, whatever.
I'm like, I am so lost -- you know what I was thinking, can I be very funny for a minute?
Yes, yes.
And I'm going sitting here looking over at Trump, and I'm thinking, he started with her, right?
Yes.
Like he has a pattern, right?
He does.
Was it the same for you?
Period.
You know?
Of course, every time you're absolute end.
Did you ever find out there's any link between the injury you suffered there?
I don't think anyone -- I don't anyone is going to be able to physically go here's there.
Did you have any idea what this was -- what was going on, what was happening to you?
Nothing.
Did you think then that you may die?
I'll be honest with you at that moment I -- I didn't even think about anything but getting to the emergency room.
Were they confiding in you about this or was it something your family told you later?
No, they -- about three days -- after they knew -- when I went in the emergency room the night it happened they -- you know I was telling them, I don't care if you got to saw my head open, do whatever you go to do, I want to live.
What was that moment hike?
That was the strangest moment because I opened my eyes and there was about six or seven, maybe eight people and they have these things on your legs to keep the blood, you know, the blood flowing so people were like working on your legs and they're -- they were doing stuff with my hands.
How did they deal with it?
At first, you know -- again, my first 12 days I don't really remember much and I think they had a tough time at first and then as -- they know I'm a fighter so they know once I made it through that the first initial 10 days is the fighting, is the real scary period.
You know what I mean?
You were to become forever the guy who died watching "Busty Cops 3."
Can it happen to anyone at any time?
The scariest thing about this form of hemorrhage, there -- you know, that's different from a brain tumor or even in an instance it's like a brain aneurysm.
Were you not thinking, what have I done to deserve all this?
First day, you know, when you ask me, first I'm thinking, before I felt like what did I do to deserve this, because I've done a lot of stuff to deserve it.
You've been a diabetic how long?
Since I've been 6 years old, and I'm 47 now, so a long time.
And in absolute simple practical terms, what do you need to do to yourself every day as a diabetic?
Well, here's what it is, I now was saying this during the break and I was laughing hard because it was like the Tonys, I said man, I possibly need to check my blood, I'm dying.
Every day?
Yes, because I've had it so long.
You are about to now just check what, exactly?
All this is -- all this does is check my blood because the old way, why a lot of diabetics got sick is -- when you would test your urine, it could be from the night before.
You just pop your finger, right?
Wow.
And if you get a bad result, what do you need to do?
Well, my result right now is 119 which is really good.
It's a lifelong balance, right?
Yes.
What sort of memory does that bring back that moment?
You know, for me very, very painful and I say it for this reason.
What's happened to Raine since then?
She's pre-diabetic.
Do you worry about it all at time?
Yeah, absolutely.
Are you involved in that?
Let me explain what happened.
So you've been quite smart protecting yourself?
Very.
You made sure you got the money you should have got?
Here's where it is -- with our band, I give this credit to Bobby and Ricky and CC growing up together.
Can you still be as wild as you used to be?
Absolutely.
Coming to one awesome part of your back catalog, which is is it now obligatory to enter a certain very special rock star club, that you have had to made a sex tape with Pamela Anderson?
Apparently it is.
Got a wedding date yet?
We haven't.
Who is the special guest though?
The New York Dolls.
Who is going to win?
I got to say we're going to win, come on.
What am I doing in this hell hole?
That was a Wednesday.
When do tickets go on sale?
Here's what it is: Motley Crue, Poison, New York Dolls and special guest, SS.
Is that the greatest kick you have?
Professionally, yes.
If I could tell you, here's the deal: you can either have sex for the rest of your life or perform on stage, you can't do both, which one do you take?
Both.
Is this like Sophie's choice?
Yes.
Which way are you going to go?
I'm going to have to go with the rock 'n' roll, and here's why, because it will bring me sex.
Does he need help, do you think?
We all need help.
What's the simple quick fix for Charlie?
I don't think there is one.
Does part of you worry that if Charlie is not careful that it could cost him his life?
Absolutely.
You mean the new one?
ORGAN: Seriously.
Has there been a moment when you could have veered down the Charlie Sheen route?
Sure, there's always a moment for anybody.
Matt Damon, how are you?
Terrific.
What would you make him do?
Well, this is a -- you know, my mother is a professor of early childhood education.
Who the hell are you guys?
We are the people who make sure things happen according to plan.
Now that is the moment in the movie when you kind of realized life is not going to be quite the same again, isn't it?
Right.
Has she gotten more dangerous as the last two years have progressed?
No, what -- what I actually said was, I thought of a really reasonable thing at the time.
What do you think of her now?
Well, I mean, I disagree with her politically.
You didn't watch "Sarah Palin in Alaska"?
I didn't.
Are you a fan?
No.
No?
No.
Did you start a small business with your tax break?
I did not.
Again, does that come back to your sort of slightly disillusioned view of Obama, that when you voted for audacity of hope it wouldn't have been giving the rich tax breaks and watching 10 percent of your population remain unemployed?
Right.
Have we still got hope, you think?
Oh, man.
When I hear you speak like this, I mean, the obvious question to ask you is, do you have political aspiration at all?
Not at all.
And if not, why don't you?
Well, I'm really interested in politics.
What's the single most effective thing you could do with that if you had your adjustment bureau hat on?
Well, the thing is with water there's not like -- there's not a magic bullet.
If you had the power to have some kind of control over your four daughters, would you take it?
There's no adjustment bureau in the world that -- yes, you know, it is very challenging and very fun to have four girls.
I mean if you were advising a young guy who had a big hit movie, what did George say to you?
Well, the first thing he said the first day I met him was don't let them keep you inside.
By that you mean physically in your home?
Physically don't -- just because they're -- the celebrity can feel a little oppressive.
Do you think, wow, this is what I've lived for, this moment?
Well, the work part, yes.
And why did you think that?
Because I've got the most amazing family, and I've got the most amazing wife.
Has there been a moment when you could have veered down the Charlie Sheen route?
Sure, there's always a moment for anybody.
Would you encourage a daughter of yours to be an actress?
No, and my parents didn't encourage me to -- well, they didn't discourage me from being an actor.
I mean, when I say superstar, how do you react to that phrase?
It just seems funny to me to talk about --
Is it ludicrous?
To me, yes.
Because you're really -- you're Matt Damon, you're a human being, right?
Yes.
How do you stay normal?
The best answer I ever heard to that was George.
What's the secret to a successful marriage in Hollywood?
Well, we don't live in Hollywood.
Are you easy to live with?
I'm sure I'm not.
You got a two-week rule?
Yes.
You aren't allowed to be apart for more than two weeks?
Yes.
Like George in "Up in the Air"?
I was basically George in "Up in the Air."
I have?
You have.
Yes?
I think he's a terrific actor.
That's pretty high praise, wasn't it?
I was -- this is funny because my wife and I -- this is going to sound like I'm blowing smoke but we were sitting in bed watching PIERS
Will there be a fourth "Bourne"?
I really hope so.
With Paul Greengrass?
With Paul.
Do you believe that?
Yes.
Do you ever think, what would I have done?
Well, we just would have written another movie and gone and done it, which is what Ben did do.
Who would be the leading man, leading lady, producer, director?
Well, my hope is to start directing.
Who's the producer?
Well, Chris Moore, who produced "Good Will Hunting," my old friend, Chris and John Gordon, those guys.
Leading man, leading lady?
Oh, I mean, it always depends on the job.
Ben's the leading man?
Ben would be my leading man.
Leading lady?
I wouldn't do too bad with Emily Blunt.
What would Emily say, do you think?
I have no idea, but I'm dying to find out.
Should we find out?
I would love to find out.
What's happening to me?
We're being chased.
What would you do?
Might infuse some women into "The Adjustment Bureau."
Really?
-- flying the sisterhood flag now.
What would it be?
I agree with you that it's hard not to sound pageantesque when you answer this.
Isn't that it?
Well, I said, that is exactly it.
If you had that power?
I left home at a very young age.
If you hadn't made the sacrifices, would you be sitting here now as the star of a big movie?
I wouldn't.
What would be the moment, Matt?
Boy, I -- I kind of wonder what the next moment is.
What about professionally for you?
Working with Emily Blunt.
What would be the moment you'd relive?
You know, I -- I would relive -- right now -- I would relive all four years of college in ten minutes.
Is it because you don't have any responsibilities?
You have nothing.
What about you, John?
Oh, I'm going to bring it down now.
So what are the faults of Mr. Perfect?
I don't know.
Did you do that?
Yes, he did do that.
How important is humor on the sets of these things?
I did my first job with Judi Dench.
Are you in it?
No, I'm kidding.
Jesse Owens I'm hearing?
Jesse Owens, working on it, trying to get it made.
What happened to you?
I got old, man.
What are you up to next?
I'm about to start a film in march called "Lupo."
How have you avoided becoming Charlie Sheen?
Oh, you just don't know.
Ladies, how have you managed to avoid ever doing an interview together?
I guess we're just clever in that way.
And we wanted to stay friends, you know?
Nobody has ever asked us, Piers.
Oh, you're in love with him?
I DM you all the time.
How -- sitting here together, how do you feel about doing a joint interview?
Well, it's really fun.
Oh, you did?
We did an interview in England together.
I loved it when you asked Hugh Hefner's girlfriend, 23, Hugh Hefner, 83, and what did she see in him?
Yes.
What did you make of that?
Twenty-three goes into 83 more than 83 goes into 23.
You think so?
Yes.
Does anyone care, do you think?
No.
Is that what it is, good genes?
Yes.
You have not exposed your face to the sun in how long?
Oh, my God, since I was 20.
Really?
That's because I'm at my computer writing all the time.
I mean, have you had any real cataclysmic fallings out?
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Which one was that?
And he didn't like you.
He was number three, right?
Yes.
What were you like together when you were young sisters?
Well, I used to write and Joan used to illustrate.
And is that why you sort of developed the creative writing?
I guess I did.
What were you -- what were your parents like?
Well, our parents were very, very different from each other.
Were you?
Hence the five husbands.
... is the way to put it, right?
... very much.
Is that -- is that the wrong way -- that's the right way around, right?
That is the right way 'round.
And do you remember when Jackie went out with Marlon Brando?
Yes, I do, actually.
You and Marlon?
Yes, well...
Really?
No, no.
Can you tell that I'm a writer?
... a certain temporary nature to the relationship that I don't think Joan would like you to convey.
What, for me?
Yes.
Paul Newman?
And such a nice, sweet, down-to-earth person.
Who would your choice be?
Well, I was very young, but I would skulk around these parties and watch people.
Because he was huge, right?
... he was such a bad ass.
What am I doing, putting my arm up?
Well, that was a clip from your 1994 workout video.
What, do the splits?
Yes.
Do you?
Yes.
Didn't you do the splits?
No, I decided not to do them, yes.
Because the pressure is so unbearable, isn't it?
Well, no, I don't think so, because I don't -- first of all, I think that staying -- trying to look young is ridiculous.
I mean, cut to the -- have either of you two ladies ever succumbed to the scalpel?
No.
Why have you been able to resist it when so many others have fallen by the wayside?
Because we're needle-phobic.
Are you really?
Well, I am, and she is, and our mother was.
I look at you and I see healthy vitality, you know?
Well...
You're sort of a get-up-and-go ladies, aren't you?
Yes.
Really?
I don't put anything on my face at all.
Well, how have I got good skin?
Because you just -- because you shave, first of all.
You had Botox?
ORGAN: No.
I mean, that was the movie really that propelled you into super stardom, wasn't it?
I guess.
And what did he say to (inaudible)?
Yes, somebody asked if he read my books.
Did you ever think it was going to be that huge?
No idea at all.
I mean, how like Alexis have you been over the years?
Well, I look like her.
Do you flare up like that?
Not that much.
Do you think I do?
No, not really.
Have you two ever had a fight like what we just saw?
She's a Gemini.
You've never rolled around on the floor?
No.
Us rolling on the floor?
Probably, to be honest.
No, she -- I can't remember -- one of us jumped on the other one's back once when we were very, very young, and I think it was I who jumped on your back or you jumped on mine?
And then I cut off all the buttons off all her clothes.
How can you ever be friendly with anyone again after that?
Well, that's what I mean.
Is there any way back for this friendship, do you think?
OAN COLLINS: I don't think it's ever been a friendship.
Why haven't they given me one?
Well, this is for you.
Oh, it is?
And it says "that sounds like a challenge.
Oh, really?
So stay tuned.
Really?
Could be.
Have we got a little scoop there?
OAN COLLINS: I'm not allowed -- I'm not allowed -- I'm not allowed.
Is "Dynasty" coming back?
It's been on Twitter, darling.
Yeah, but is it properly coming back?
I can't say.
Are you going to be reprising?
Well, I wouldn't be talking about it if I wasn't.
Does sex get better with age, do you think?
You tell us.
I know, it's great, isn't it?
The classic gong buster (ph) material.
Right?
Yes.
How much of all the stuff that you write about have you actually partaken in?
Everything.
Seriously?
Yes.
It's all based on your experience?
Well, I was a wild child.
A thousand?
Yes.
Why do you like it?
You can sort of express yourself, and also I wanted to get a few followers because so when I have a book out, because I'm writing a book -- but it's not a novel.
What is your address?
JoanCollinsOBE.
And what is your address?
JackieJCollins.
What was mine?
If I can -- if I can correct you, yes.
Really?
ORGAN: So all of you have been tarred with what could be a good brush, or a potentially irritating brush.
Is that all good?
There is nothing bad about being compared to awesome actors.
Does it put huge pressure on you when you get this label, you are the next huge superstar and they name somebody you should be like?
Yes, I think it's terrifying.
Is it all it's cracked up to be?
I don't know, I mean, I feel I'm very new to it still.
What is -- what is that -- what is that look and behavior?
Well, I think especially your publicist and people who you -- work on your team.
How do you mean?
In every sense.
... does the originality go?
Yes, really.
How is it -- never mind Brad Pitt, who's a bastion of decency, but how have you avoided becoming Charlie Sheen?
Oh, you just don't know.
Ladies?
... a kite right now.
Have we all got a secret Charlie on our hands?
Yes, watch out.
Are -- are you saying this is me?
I'm saying how -- how do you avoid...
Well, how do you avoid that when it's so obviously available if you want it?
Well, like I said, I think you have to go -- you have to kind of set parameters and -- and one thing I didn't realize, look, first of all, we all signed up for this gig.
Who are your -- your idols in the business?
I've said her before, but Cate Blanchett.
You didn't, did you?
I did.
(INAUDIBLE) on the plane (INAUDIBLE), right?
I knew it.
I mean, how can you sleep in a serene way as one who is being a great actor?
I don't know.
ORGAN: What about the actresses?
Oh, well, I love Kate Winslet, I love Cameron Diaz, Drew Barrymore.
Why is it hard in the comedic world?
I -- well, I think that for a number of reasons.
You are lucky, aren't you?
Yes, this is my life, people.
Who -- who are your great idols in the film business?
I've always had a really big Jimmy Stewart thing.
Is it harder though to do that?
No, it's easier in a way cause you -- you know, you have someone who is, you know, kind of captaining the ship.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
What about your friend's boobs?
Well, he has already seen them.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Did I?
I tried.
Wendy, will you marry me?
No.
How did this happen?
I don't know.
And what was the moment where things sort of got cemented?
Well, I was -- I mean, it was after -- we started dating actually after the movie wrapped.
Can I be honest with you about something?
Yes.
Oh, really?
Yes.
What is it really like?
It's just so bizarre.
How can you be with her?
It's so awkward.
The rule -- the rule is no tongue?
I'm pretty sure that's...
Did he -- did he break that rule?
He did.
Really?
I think that was his tactic.
So you're a serial rule-breaker?
The character would tongue-kiss.
Yes?
No -- yes, she was great about it.
Anna, what would you say?
I think when -- when Chris proposed to me.
On or off screen?
Both, actually.
Was he on bended knee like the character?
No way.
What does that mean?
I'll give it to you.
Best night of your life?
Well, it's just such a tough question.
I mean where is the damage to the show here from Charlie's behavior off screen?
Well, the damage to the show is they can't produce a show.
To replace them with somebody else?
Incredibly enough -- incredibly enough it does usually work.
Is Charlie Sheen employable anymore in television in America?
Well, I think he is.
Do you think that Charlie is still bankable?
With all due respect to your wonderful career and reality television, Piers, that's really the only thing that's left for Charlie Sheen right now.
Charlie Sheen, who knows?
I mean, Janice -- let me bring in, let me bring in Janice here because when Charlie sat here with me a week ago, actually, in one of the breaks, I said you're on Twitter.
Isn't he?
Well, listen, I also think he's become a little bit of a folk hero to some people, you know, whether we like it or not.
Wouldn't yours be, Howard?
I don't --
Yes or no, Howard?
In some form, probably yes.
Bill Carter?
Within a year, I'd say yes.
And Steve?
Maybe on a reality show a year from now.
Is he nice?
He's very nice.
But what's your personal view of Charlie?
I have no comment on it.
No view of him?
I do, but I have no comment on the show about it.
No?
Well, I just think it would be -- it wouldn't be right for any of us to comment about it.
You're called the talk ladies, aren't you?
Not to us.
Really?
We haven't talked about it not once.
None of you talked about Charlie Sheen?
No.
Sharon is famous for going who?
Well, I know you've talked about him.
Does it really matter how somebody behaves in their private lives when it comes to the performance on a TV show?
You want to take that or --
That's the hard bit, isn't it, for a parent when you have a child that's gone off the rails whatever age they are?
Yes, I think, speaking as a parent, you only want the best for your child.
He's not?
No, he's about 44.
He has, what, five kids?
Yes.
I mean aren't our news values a bit warped?
You should answer that because you do breaking news, Piers.
So it's about the ratings?
Well, no, actually.
You know, is it right to castigate Charlie Sheen now again for alleged misdemeanors against women, for example?
Well, you know, it's like I said.
Have you not?
Never.
Right?
I think like two times a week at least.
I'm like, oh, what is Sharon going to do today?
It's unpredictable.
I think that's a smart move but how did you come to decide the way you were going to take it?
Well, it was Sara's creation but I will say what I think makes our show work is that you have five very different women who are all smart and funny and honest and they're not afraid to speak the truth and speak their mind.
What's the one thing you think the viewers keep coming back to?
I would say the number one issue is probably marital problems, or just relationship problems.
More lashings of sex?
Yes.
Because they're getting not enough of it?
Or too much.
Sara, was that the concept you had originally?
Well, yes.
What do you all think of "The View"?
We think it's great.
Do you?
I was on bed rest 13 years ago when "The View" started.
Rivals?
I love it.
What do you think?
I think we have come a long way.
Talking?
Yes.
What does banning from in Britain?
You're not allowed on the show.
Me?
Yes.
Do you think that was a prize?
The best, the best.
Where is the handbag?
I keep it in my -- I have it in my -- where I keep my things.
At what?
At dancing, singing.
Do you have a piece of tape on that?
I wish we had.
How can you say "failed" and "prodigy"?
That's what I was meant to be, failed.
Can you two continue this?
We should mention because our boss is here from -- there's ten days left and people want to be judged by us.
What life's like these days?
It's a sad statement on humanity and we all love a train wreck, you know, and that's basically what it is.
Do you find any of what Charlie's doing funny in a dark way?
In the beginning I thought funny, some of the statements, "Winner, duh," and all that.
You have been in the business 30 years now?
More than 30 years.
The secret?
How do you avoid going off the rails.
How many shows do you do a year?
I still do 200 live shows a year.
All around America?
America, Britain, Canada.
You fly all around America?
Right.
But you like to come back, don't you?
I need to be home.
Who got you on twitter?
You did.
How do you have to lead your life, given the condition that you have?
First and foremost, I have a loving family, my wife is a saint.
It's a fulltime thing for you?
It's who I am.
When does it air?
Right after "American Idol," Thursday, March 31st, on FOX.
You being annoying to people?
Not me.
When you see what's going on, not just in Libya now but also in the Middle East, do you quite believe it?
Well, you can.
What should an American be thinking right now about these characters?
I don't know that I would lump Mubarak with Saddam Hussein or Gadhafi.
Much different?
Yes, indeed.
When you see this, do you feel uncomfortable when you watch it?
No, not at all.
-- Tunisia, Egypt, Libya, do you not wish you'd waited perhaps?
I think quite the contrary with Iraq.
Who knows what's going to happen in Egypt?
There is an argument, and I have heard this espoused by family members of mine, who've served with the British military in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Are they getting it?
Well, there -- sure, there's a free press.
When you see Gadhafi going, when you see potentially the House of Sal being threatened, when you see this complete transformation in the Middle East, do you feel excited or do you feel very apprehensive about what might happen, for instance, to Israel in all this?
Well, I guess you feel both.
And that would be a threat to the United States, wouldn't it, if that happened?
Oh, my goodness, yes.
So if you take that as a potential scenario, if you were now in the administration, and was still defense secretary, would you be considering now an invasion of Libya because that would be the way to stop potentially what happened in Iran happening in Libya?
No, I wouldn't.
Why are the people of Libya being left to die?
Because there was broad, uniform, almost un-debatable agreement that there was a risk of stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction in the case of Iraq.
Well, isn't that slightly disingenuous?
No, it's not.
In Iraq?
Yes.
So if that is the yardstick for why Iraq happened, would you have been very happy to have gone in regardless of the WMD issue?
No.
Did you have any regrets?
Of course you have regrets.
Have there been times during that period when you've shed tears over American troops?
Oh, my goodness.
Where were you the moment you heard?
I was in my office, having breakfast next door with a group of congressmen when the plane hit the World Trade Center tower, the first one.
And was what your first thought when the second plane hit?
Accident.
And who did you -- who did your gut tell you may be responsible?
I didn't have a gut feeling.
And these were people that you've worked with, that you knew personally?
Well -- yes, indeed.
Is it always going to be confused in a situation like that?
I think when something happens like that, there's a period where you have to sort it out.
Didn't you have to do that for the soul of your country?
Well, let me respond.
Why are we going after the guy who didn't appear to have anything to do with 9/11?
I have -- to go back just one second.
Would America have gone to war with Saddam without 9/11?
I have no idea.
Would you like it to have done it?
It depends on all of those risk factors.
Wouldn't your answer be an unequivocal of course it was?
He's the one who makes decisions.
But that's a copout, isn't it?
No, it isn't.
If you'd been president you would have taken that decision?
I think that's probably right.
Was it a mistake to label this a war on terror?
I think so.
Did you argue again it at the time?
I did.
Why were you overruled?
Well, I wasn't overruled, there was a discussion, and people had different views --
I know, but why did he overrule you?
Well, I don't know - I had several problems with the phrase.
It's really a counterterrorism operation, isn't it?
Exactly.
It's no longer a war, is it?
I think that the word war is imperfect because it leaves people with the impression of World War I, World War II, it begins, it ends.
Is America safer today, do you think?
You bet.
ORGAN: Isn't it extraordinary that the world's greatest military force can't find a guy on a horse?
No.
You think he still alive?
I do.
That's the same thing, isn't it?
No, it's not.
The decisions that you took collectively?
They're tough decisions, you bet.
Because they were so polarizing these decisions, that inevitably there's been an extended blame game ever since?
I don't think there has been.
But there has, hasn't there?
No.
You don't think so?
Not too much, no.
Compared to other administrations?
You're in public life a heck of a long time before Iraq came along, for example.
You mean sorry about the loss of life?
No, sorry about the decision making that led to it.
If you submit your resignation and he doesn't accept it, can't you just resign anyway?
You could.
Do you wish you had?
I think in retrospect at the time, I felt very reluctant to walk -- our country was in a war, to walk away from it when the president tells you he doesn't want you to, is a hard thing to do.
My colleague, Anderson Cooper, Anderson, what have you got on your show tonight?
Here tonight, the latest from Libya, Gadhafi's forces seem to be gaining the upper hand at least in the battle for the city of Zawiya, poorly armed opposition forces and civilians under fire in that surrounded city.
Really?
Yes, of course.
And you did say you just stand up?
It's still in the State Department.
You still do that?
I do.
Why do you act like that's odd?
It's just weird.
Didn't it dawn on you to take a rest?
No.
Why would one want to do that?
You get up earlier than Condoleezza Rice.
And you do a proper workout?
No, it's not proper at 78.
What's been the human toll on you, do you think, from all that time you had in office, particularly through the very difficult years of the early part of the century?
Goodness.
On 9/11, you didn't call your wife?
Of course, it's true.
Why didn't you?
Well, I was busy, goodness gracious.
Would you describe her as long suffering?
No.
What was it like for you, trying to juggle the two things?
Well, of course -
Drug prioritized?
Drug addiction is such a terrible, terribly difficult thing and it's heartbreaking to see a human being you love go down and down and down.
Did you think you had lost him?
Yes, sure.
When you see what's happening with Charlie Sheen and you obviously -- Martin Sheen his father feels helpless about the situation, is there any advice you can give someone when a son just won't listen?
Well, I guess the only thing you can say is hope.
All the profits go to military charities, is that right?
They do.
But was he right?
No, no.
You've served under four presidents, who are your political heroes?
I had respect for most of the people that I've worked with.
People you thought were genuinely politically heroic?
Each one was different.
If you were to summarize yourself, would you say you're a dove or a hawk?
I'm neither.
You can write it right now on a tombstone?
He served.
Just that?
I think so.
Are you under the influence of any substances?
No.
When you watch what's happening with Charlie right now, what are you thinking?
P.T. Barnum.
Do you accept any of that?
I think maybe the whole machete thing might have been something that he's running and gunning with right now but certainly the home tape that he did the night before, I fully recognized and I heard a clip that you had, I think it was Todd Bridges who made the comment of, yes, I've been there, I know that -- I know that guy.
I mean are you seriously worried that Charlie Sheen is slowly killing himself here?
Yes, I don't even think it's slowly right now.
I mean the man has an anger issue, a rage issue, and I think the more that people like you who have this incredible platform to come from who are -- I don't want to use the word enabling but who are sort of egging him on, tickling that little funny bone that says, yes, yes, this is -- hey, I've got, you know, Aunt Donna's DNA and I feel like people love to watch a circus, right?
I mean I'm told --
I mean when you hear him talk like that, what are you seeing, the classic signs of an addict in your view?
Oh, without question.
And being the face of CBS which is, you know, supposed to be a family, you know, network and the families out there, and he's working with a 9 or 10 or 11-year-old boy, so he comes into the set, he's off a crack run, he's been with a few hookers the night before, what do you think he's talking about with an 11-year-old?
Well, look, he --
What was it that finally snapped you back into normal life again?
I don't think I had ever been afraid of the drug itself before.
And Mackenzie, for you, was it -- Mackenzie, for you, was it getting fired from the show that finally woke you up?
No.
Or does he have to save himself?
I think it's got to be a combination of both.
I mean if Charlie used to go down this road how difficult is it?
It won't be easy for him as the doctor just mentioned.
Am I right, Dr. Samuels?
Right.
Do you think he really has any concept of what's going on here?
To be honest with you I couldn't answer that question.
What kind of people were your parents?
They were very nice people.
Was there any stress or trouble that you could look at and say well, maybe we should have seen warning signs here?
Absolutely none.
When did you hear what had happened?
Probably 20 minutes after it had happened.
What-- how do you possibly come to terms with it?
It is just absolute disbelief.
Do you know where he got the guns?
No idea.
I mean, what do you think will happen next for this family?
You know, we will just continue to pull together like we had this last week and take care of one another.
Did you get any kind of inkling that something like this could ever happen?
No, I never saw anything like this.
Do you think that is the correct way this should proceed?
That's a hard question for me to answer.
What can you possibly say to them?
Man, I don't know.
Was she right to go?
Well, first, let me explain that as the ombudsman of NPR, I am not representing NPR.
Can you be responsible if you are chief executive of such a huge organization for everything that everybody in it does and says?
Well, as I understand, the board basically decided that there have been too many things that have happened recently that would make it -- that hindered Vivian Schiller from actually going ahead and doing her job.
Would it be easier if the NPR simply wasn't funded by the government?
Well, certainly not right off the bat.
Is this kind of stunt fair game, do you think?
Well, of course, it's fair game.
This guy wouldn't have said this stuff if he knew he was being recorded, would he?
No, but this is done all the time.
Well, you are, really, aren't you?
No more so than Geraldo Rivera -- than Geraldo Rivera is.
Where do you draw the line?
If James O'Keefe, who is an independent journalist, comes to me with something that doesn't sit right with me, I'm going to pass on it.
How do you ensure that somebody else isn't right now getting stitched up?
Well, I think that it's a cautionary tale, that this is a new world we live in.
Andrew?
Well, first of all, I will say this: the best coverage on this incident has been NPR.
They're not all choir boys, are they?
I could accept that.
How did you manage to avoid the terrible fate that befell your colleagues?
Because I woke up one day, 27 years old -- I remember it was my last court appearance.
What was rock bottom?
Rock bottom for me was one day I was at a motel.
When did you hear that Gary had died?
I was actually out at Lake San Antonio on my jet skis.
Right?
That's exactly right.
Arnold, ain't I your big brother who loves you, who worries about you?
And takes care of you, yes.
Todd, when you see what's happened to Charlie Sheen, what goes through your mind?
Well, for me, I know that addiction is very powerful.
Why do people do that?
Because for me, I think what I was going through -- I call it cocaine psychosis.
Do you worry what will happen to Charlie if he doesn't get help?
Yeah, everyone -- anybody who is in addiction, you know what -- there's three things that can happen, end up mentally crazy the rest of your life, in prison the rest of your life or you're going to die.
Have you met Charlie Sheen?
I know him.
If you got a chance to talk to him, what would you say to him?
A lot of things, but I would try to figure out the core of his problem.
Do you think it was a mistake to get rid of Paula?
Certainly, yeah.
What do you think of Steven Tyler and J-Lo?
Good.
Who the (EXPLETIVE DELETED) is Piers Morgan?
Kid Rock is the quintessential all-American rock star.
Are you Mr. Rock?
It doesn't really matter to me.
I mean is there a point where you'd have to change your name from Kid?
And if I had 100 bucks every time somebody asked that.
You like being a rocker?
I enjoy to have a good time.
How wild does it get?
Probably wilder than I'm willing to discuss right now.
Do you know how much you've consumed over the years?
No.
It's what rock stars do, isn't it?
I like who I am.
Is there anything you regret?
No.
You'd say nothing?
Nothing.
How do you feel about being 40?
Great.
Why?
Because I can't fight it.
At what point does it become embarrassing?
Well, I think I'll be able to rock for a while.
What's it?
"Vanity Fair" magazine.
What do you feel about that?
There's always a Justin Bieber.
What did he say?
He just kind of chuckled then.
Do you think there's room for everyone in music?
Yes, sure there is.
What is it?
It's honest.
Have you ever been dishonest?
Well, I'm sure I've been dishonest at times.
Jeez, where do you want to start?
Wherever you want to start.
Really?
With flying colors.
Are you -- are you only ever violent when you've been drinking?
I mean I'd say that's been the stupid stuff, you know, the fights in Waffle Houses and the, you know, different things like that.
Would you -- could I actually be in fear of a right hook?
No.
So you can control it when you're in this environment?
Yes.
When do you feel it descending?
I don't know.
But you don't regret smacking Tommy Lee, do you?
No.
He deserved it?
Yes.
Waffle House guy, does he deserve what came his way?
Absolutely.
How old is he now?
Seventeen.
How have you been different as a father, do you think?
Well, I never really paddled him that much.
I mean you've never smacked your son?
No, he got a -- he got a few.
Nothing -- nothing like you got?
No.
Really?
ID ROCK: Yes.
But what kind of dad do you think you've been?
I think I've been a good dad.
What do you think the law of the land should be for your son?
Show respect to the people around you, especially have a little respect for as much as I'm gone -- and I've tried to adjust my schedule to be home.
If he started taking drugs or stuff, would you be censorious about that?
Well, you know, he actually attended Malibu High School for like one month.
What does it mean to you?
It's where I'm from.
When you sing about Detroit, what's going through your mind?
You know --
How often do you do that?
As often as I can.
And where is it now?
Well, I mean, when it really started hitting -- you know, Detroit has been devastated for a lot of years and it's been going that way.
You couldn't do a LeBron and -- and switch allegiance to another city?
Never.
You can't be bought, can you?
No.
And money brings you that power, doesn't it?
It kind of does, yes.
Or do you feel you put enough back into that city?
No, it's a weird thing.
What's the most extravagant thing you've ever bought?
I think a -- an original 1930 Cadillac.
How much was that?
It was just under a half a million dollars.
Are you a traditional Republican?
No.
You're more for your country than you are for a party?
I think I'm -- I'm -- I think I'm like the majority of people who are tired of the -- wouldn't want a bunch of bible thumpers running the country and we don't want a bunch of pot smoking hippies running it.
Do you -- do you think the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq have been just wars?
You know, that's tough to say, because, you know, it's -- when you get into politics, I know -- I know this much, I don't study political science and I didn't do that well in school.
I mean are we -- are we winning these wars, from what you've seen on the ground?
Well, we -- we need to have a presence there.
And it's difficult, I think, if you look at it, you know, are we winning, do you think, from what you've seen there?
When you're on a plane with human remains and there's an American flag draped over a casket you're flying with, you know, it really sparks up some things and really makes you think.
Still, when you do, what do you think the perception of your country is?
Misunderstood.
And what -- what does being an American mean to you?
I think the freedom to do whatever you want, you know, with -- without taking advantage.
And do you feel that the American dream is still what it used to be?
I don't know, sometimes I shake a finger at those Baby Boomers.
Really?
No.
What, do you live in a cave?
I've -- I have actually interviewed --
Because she's a crazy, crazy chick, right?
I'm not going to get into it.
Well, who are you going to argue about that with?
You.
Am I right?
I'm not taking the bait.
You learned lessons, didn't you?
I've learned lessons all through life.
Is there anyone special in your life?
Yes.
Do you care to elaborate?
No.
Do you think that's in your makeup?
Yes, I think that's always been in my makeup.
-- I mean it's just outrageous, isn't it?
Chris Rock said that years ago in his comedy vignettes.
No, I mean you got lucky?
Just totally.
Has it -- has it been all you hoped it would be?
Yes.
And do you like being famous?
Yes.
How much have you made?
A lot.
Do you know how much you make?
None of your business.
How rich you are?
I -- I guess you could say that.
Is it the best you've done, do you think?
I think so, yes.
Are you an emotional guy?
Not really.
When was the last time you cried?
When I found out my dad had a heart attack.
What -- what does that tell you when that sort of thing happens to you in life?
Whether you care about somebody, you care about your family deeply.
If you knew you were going to die tomorrow, what would be the one thing you'd like to relive?
Jeez, I don't know.
How important to you is your credibility?
It depends to who.
What's the principal at stake here for you?
Well, it's very deep and it's very honest and I'm going to be very candid with you.
Is that your lighter?
Yes.
What's your pub called?
The Handsome Pad in Kensington.
I mean, there must have been a point where you thought you were all going to die, wasn't there?
Yes.
Kyung, what's the latest from where you are?
From where we are, we're starting to continue to see more and more damage, Piers, as we get closer and closer.
Do you have any sense from what you're seeing, from what you're hearing about any kind of death toll?
It's really hard to imagine.
Can you describe to me what is actually going on?
Absolutely.
Could you please start by telling me what your understanding of the scale of this disaster is in terms of people who've been wounded, possibly killed?
Thank you very much, Mr. Morgan, for giving me this opportunity.
I mean are you fearing here -- that you may be seeing a toll much, much higher?
As what I said is the figure that we have identified up to now.
Can you tell me what the latest is in relation to those plants?
Yes, we are talking about the Fukushima nuclear power plant, and there are two sites.
I mean, is it possible we could see a meltdown of one of these plants?
I am sorry, I'm not in a position to speculate on that.
Ken, can I start with you and just ask you what you think is going on from an expert point of view here?
Well, it's not the answer you want to hear, but I would say that statistical analysis would have a hard time finding a pattern here.
Is this actually how it sounds?
Sure.
What do you think is happening here?
Well, I think Ken has a good point that if you looked at the geological history of this area, there's been repeated tsunamis generated in the Sendai area.
Is this complete nonsense, or is there any kind of credence to that theory?
It's complete nonsense, but I don't like saying it's nonsense without defending why it is so.
Is this one of the inevitable repercussions of an earthquake that size?
Well, aftershocks do follow some general patterns and can be statistically analyzed.
What possible comfort can you offer them?
ERKUS: Well, there's several things.
Given we've experienced this before there, what do you think is the most sensible and immediate thing that should be done to help the people in Japan?
I think people should be texting to the Red Cross.
Matthew, if I may start with you, what is your understanding of the latest situation at the Fukushima plant?
They -- when you shut down a nuclear plant, you're continuing to produce heat.
What is the hour-by-hour time scale that we could be looking at before there's some sort of inevitable meltdown?
At this point, a meltdown is not inevitable.
How serious do you think this one is in Japan?
Well, actually there haven't been very many situations of this degree of seriousness.
And what does it mean for nuclear plants in America, for example, if a similar thing was to happen here?
There's the beginning of renaissance in nuclear construction all over Asia and, to some extent, in the United States.
And if so, are we prepared to deal with it?
First of all, Piers, our hearts and prayers are with the people of Japan, and the -- the Japanese American community that lives here in Los Angeles, the largest in the United States.
How fast can these tsunamis strike, can these quakes strike?
Well, I'm not an expert on that, but I can tell you the following: I got in real-time on my Blackberry.
Is that just crass stupidity, in your view?
Yes.
Have you in your lifetime seen anything quite like what we witnessed in Japan in the last 24 hours?
No, definitely not.
What is the ring of fire and what does it mean now going forward?
Incredibly active zone, Piers.
Is it now completely unpredictable?
Piers, if I could forecast the weather for the rest of the year, I would do it right now, go home and call it a day.
And how significant is it on a wider level that we've now seen three of these in the last few days?
Well, Piers, it's a little difficult to tell.
From what you are assessing with your more expert eye, how worried should we be here?
Well, it's a good question.
But in terms of this latest explosion, the nuclear explosion, how worried are people where you are about the possible radiation fallout here?
I'll tell you, first of all, Piers, as happening sometimes in disaster situations, we're having a hard time actually hearing you.
But how arbitrary is that?
It seems very arbitrary.
How long is it going to be before other supplies get in here?
A very fluid situation obviously changing really by the hour, Piers.
Is this commuting down to the people on the streets?
I think it depends who you talk to and where you are.
Is it still impossible to put any real gauge on it?
It's really impossible.
Gail, where do you possibly start with a disaster on the scale of the one that we are seeing in Japan?
Well, first of all, Piers, thank you for having me on.
I mean in terms of sheer volume of natural disasters we've seen in the last decade, how bad is this one from your perspective in terms of the work the Red Cross is needing to do to get to people there?
CGOVERN: Well, it's an absolutely amazing the extent of damage and the visuals that we see on our screen for the last 72 hours.
How much of the money that goes to the Red Cross can be guaranteed to go straight to Japan and help there?
Well, we are very proud of the fact that 91 cents of every dollar that is donated to us goes to the relief efforts in the country that we're targeting.
What is the priority for the Red Cross right now?
Well, right now food, shelter, medical supplies.
Where were you?
Well, I was in New York, of course.
And how did you hear the news?
Well, like you heard it, too, I suppose, through the -- through the TV news.
Can you believe what you're seeing?
I just can't believe it.
What did it feel like?
NO: Well, I was so scared.
What was it look for you?
That one was very -- pretty bad.
Are they all OK?
Because most of them are in Tokyo, and Tokyo was all right in a way.
Is that very much the Japanese culture to react that way?
Well, they're not violent people.
What would you say to them?
We're all together in spirit.
What is the best way for Americans in particular to help here?
Well, as of now, I found that there's no definite funds -- foundation in Japan that we can send money to.
People are going to struggle to keep positive and helpful there, aren't they?
Yes.
Can any country be ready for an attack of a natural disaster like this?
I think it's too far.
How vulnerable are they to a similar perfect storm of earthquake and tsunami causing the kind of partial meltdowns that we're seeing?
Well, the one thing that we do -- and this was after the Three Mile Island incident -- is the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the Federal Emergency Management Agency required that each licensed operator conduct annual exercises, as well as drills.
What are the key lessons that you are learning watching what is happening in Japan, for a similar situation potentially one day happening in America?
Probably the one thing that you have heard time and time again from your guests is how resilient the Japanese population is.
Do you agree with him, that we are in a relatively strong position in America?
Well, I agree with him that things have been improved since 9/11 and certainly since Katrina.
Do you have any way of predicting where the most likely places are that may suffer this thing?
Sure.
Where are we talking about?
Well, places like the central U.S. and places you may not think about, such as fault lines that occur in other parts of the country that don't have a lot of activity, but have had significant historical events, such as down in Charleston, South Carolina and other places.
What does this mean for the American nuclear energy project?
Well, it's going to be tough days ahead for the nuclear power industry.
Or would you be suspicious the situation may be worse than we're told?
You never believe everything you're hearing, but we don't spy on the Japanese.
One of the issues here is that there will be terrorist organizations around the world looking at the vulnerability of these nuclear plants and looking at them as potential ultimate dirty bombs, won't they?
Well, if they can get hold of some of the material for dirty bombs, yes.
Governor Richardson, very quickly here, what would you say are the key lessons that America needs to learn in terms of its energy program from what we've seen in Japan in the last few days?
Number one, we have to recognize that we need to move toward more diverse sources of energy.
How worried are people on the ground there?
Piers, I've got to say that people are starting to get worried.
Is it as dangerous as it seems?
The outcome still isn't clear.
Are there enough people physically to do the job that's required?
They have no need to keep more people around than they absolutely need since all of them are soaking up dose.
How does this disaster compare -- this nuclear plant to something like Chernobyl?
In Chernobyl, a completely different kind of reactor.
Without wanting to be doom-laden about this, but what is the worst possible news that you would hear as an expert in this area from that plant?
Probably that the spent fuel spool is on fire because what would burn there is the metal cladding, and that's very difficult to put out.
Why are you confident this is the right way to go?
Well, the main thing I've said, Piers, is not that, but it's simply that it's way too early to know.
We've got lots of reactors, many by the sea?
Sure.
What's going to happen if the same thing happens here?
Piers, it's an obvious question.
Quite clearly, this is an ongoing, very serious and dangerous situation, isn't it?
Yes.
What are the lessons that we should learn from what's happened in regard to America's plants, do you think?
Piers, I have no earthly idea.
Isn't that the point?
I think it would -- I think it would be irresponsible to do otherwise.
Today the energy secretary, Stephen Chu, said that U.S. reactors are designed to withstand hurricanes and tsunamis, but given geologists' maximum predictions, is that actually enough?
Well, Piers, I fully agree that there are important lessons to be learned by -- from what has happened at Fukushima.
As things stand given your knowledge of the nuclear power plants in America, how many of them would you think are able to withstands an earthquake of a magnitude we saw in Japan?
Well, let's remember that the reactors in Japan were quite old.
Wouldn't that be the first point of thumb that you'd choose?
Well, the problem with that is that you'd end up building a reactor in a zone that is not subject to earthquakes to withstand an enormous earthquake.
Finally, Ambassador Ritch, do you think we're getting the truth out of the Japanese authorities?
I do, but Piers, lets me make a point.
For people like most of us who've never been anywhere near a tsunami, what is the experience like when it happens?
The experience is just horrifying because you feel so powerless with the amount of power of the water.
What is the most effective thing that Americans can do to help?
On the level of helping children, the best way for them to recover and start healing process is to go back to normalcy, to go back to school, which is safe.
Do you still have nightmares about it now?
You always will keep it inside.
And finally, what would your message be to the people of Japan who are suffering so badly at the moment?
The message for them is that my heart is breaking looking at what they are going through.
How are they going to bounce back?
With time, Piers.
What will that mean for prices, in terms of their exports going forward?
Think of it in terms of they are producing and consuming less as a society.
Is that going to be helpful to Japan, do you think?
It's going to be helpful at the margin.
What is it about the Japanese people that allows them to deal with such catastrophe in what appears to be such a remarkably calm manner?
Well, I think that we in America -- when we come across a crisis, we tend to come apart at the seams.
Are they very pro-active at getting things back on their feet again?
In general, Japanese officials leave one with kind of a sense of horror, I mean, just a difficult grappling with crisis.
Is that part of their psyche, as well?
Yes, absolutely.
Do you still have friends over there?
Oh, of course.
Can you talk me through the relative toxicity of each of these?
Right, there are four different types of radiation, Piers.
What is the understanding of the levels of radiation coming out of this Japanese plant?
We've been hearing that the levels of radiation are not quite at the level that you would see in order to have acute radiation sickness.
Tell me this, if they are exposed to very high dosages of radiation, what physically happens to a human being when that happens to them?
Right, it's interesting.
And what are you hearing from Bahrain, where there seems to be an escalation in violence there, as well?
That's right.
Do you have any way of knowing?
Well, it is interesting, Piers, just how difficult information has been to get.
Do you feel in danger where you are now?
Well, you know, I think that we have to deal with the scientific facts here.
Clearly a pretty desperate situation, isn't it?
It's desperate but Sanjay is correct, it's confused.
What did you make of that?
Well, the building has been blown away the secondary containment on a couple of these places so you could in theory drop water in.
And Matthew, finally and very quickly, is the situation worse tonight than it was last night?
Yes.
What do you know about that?
There have been reports that Saudi forces have been involved.
And Wolf, what did she have to say about the ongoing crisis at the Fukushima nuclear plant in Japan, because it seems to be getting ever more dangerous?
Yes, it's a catastrophe and she says it's minute by minute.
What's behind it, do you think?
It's a good question because her job approval numbers in our latest CNN -- CNN poll, she's -- two-thirds of the American public give her favorable ratings.
Do you have any latest news on that?
Well, I really only know what we've put out on our Web site, Piers, and obviously, you know, I'm extremely worried for my four colleagues.
Can you quite believe what you're witnessing here?
RIEDMAN: No, I really can't.
When you talk about the dominos, are they very different kinds of dominos we're seeing here or do you detect a common thread?
Well, the common thread is the aspiration of Arabs of all ages to want to run their own lives in a world where they can increasingly see how other people are living and see just how fracture behind they are.
Do you think there's any danger the House of Saud could fall?
You know, I don't want to make any predictions that the whole Saudi regime is going to fall but this is what I think is important to keep in mind, Piers.
Is this opportunity or could this go horribly wrong for them?
You know, I think it's very understandable, Piers, that they would feel exactly the mixed emotions that you're describing.
If you were sitting down, as I am, with Prime Minister Netanyahu tomorrow, what would you ask him?
Well, I don't think he'd talk to me, but good luck.
Is that the prudent course of action?
Well, there's two things I would say.
You can hardly blame him for wanting to see how things play out, can you?
Piers, let's take Egypt first.
If you're Benjamin Netanyahu, what do you say to your people, not just about that incident, in terms of an appropriate response, but also in terms of this cargo ship which was seized apparently carrying a load of weapons to Gaza?
There's no question that any prime minister would have to speak first in the tones of grief and even anger about a horrific murder that we saw in the area.
Rudy, what do you make of these appalling scenes in Japan?
Well, of course, like everyone, I'm shocked by what happened and I feel terrible for the Japanese people.
In terms of how they have dealt with this disaster so far, do you think they've been doing the right things?
You know, I can't say because I'm not there.
Have you been as stunned as the rest of us by the way they have handled this?
No, because I know them well.
But there's a much bigger picture at play now, isn't there?
Prime Minister Netanyahu is a remarkable man.
How damaging would it be should Gadhafi win his battle, having murdered tens of thousands of his people by the time this finishes?
Piers, from the outside, right now, it looks like Gadhafi every day is solidifying his position.
What does this mean for the peace process, for the Israelis, and the Palestinians?
We want peace more than any other people.
What do you think?
First I think it's a -- it's a terrible tragedy because everybody -- I look at the pictures in Japan and I think what every Israeli thinks and I think what every person in the world thinks, this could be us.
Are you saying that you might actually stop any kind of nuclear energy program in Israel?
We didn't have any civilian nuclear energy.
And did you ever imagine that it would create the kind of domino effect we've been seeing?
First, it didn't begin in Tunisia.
What is -- what is the nightmare scenario for you?
That you get another Iran.
I mean to other people he may be a dictator, to Israel, he's been a pretty good friend, isn't he?
Egypt under Sadat and then under Mubarak kept the peace and I think that's something extraordinarily valuable.
Were you sad to see him go?
Well, I was -- I was concerned that we might have the opposite of what people want, and what we all want.
What do you make of what's happening there?
Well, Gadhafi is no friend of Israel, no friend of the Jewish people.
What if he doesn't go?
ETANYAHU: I think -- I think the case of Libya is an interesting place where values and interests cohere.
Is there not a moral compunction for America, for the West generally, to get in there and sort this out?
I think it's one of those cases where the moral compunction as you said and the -- and the interests cohere.
If America decided to take military action, would you support that?
Certainly wouldn't be against it.
What do you make of that?
I don't think it's surprising at all.
I mean rather than wait for other countries to intervene on your behalf, what is Israel actually doing right now to combat this incredibly serious threat?
Well, the first thing I've been trying to do for a long time, for -- you know, for about 15 years, I think, I was elected first time 15 years ago, and I went to speak at the -- before the joint session of the U.S. Congress.
Do they have nuclear weapons, do you think?
It's working to get them.
How close do you think they are?
I think they're getting a lot closer.
Should they be transparent about their nuclear program?
Even to the extent that they are transparent, it's very clear what they're doing.
What are you doing about it?
Well, one of the things that we're telling people is that sanctions by themselves are not going to be enough.
Are you talking United Nations?
I'm talking about a credible military action that the --
Led by who?
Led preferably by the United States.
What does that constitute?
It means action that will knock out their nuclear facilities and -- (CROSSTALK)
Or could you contemplate some kind of land invasion?
Well, I think the United States has proven great effectiveness and I'm going to divulge a secret to you about their capabilities.
And you're still the number-one target, would you act unilaterally militarily?
No, we always reserve the right to defend ourselves.
Do you have nuclear weapons?
Well, we have a longstanding policy that we won't be the first to introduce nuclear weapons into the Middle East, and that hasn't changed.
So you don't have any?
That's our policy.
ORGAN: Is it right to expect countries like Iran to be transparent about their own nuclear programs if you're not transparent yourself?
Well, Iran is a signatory to the NPT.
The nonproliferation treaty?
I think it's ridiculous.
And where are you with the investigation into the perpetrators?
This was horrific.
Doesn't part of you, Benjamin Netanyahu, look at yourself and think, I want to be the guy that makes this happen, not the guy that didn't make it happen?
Seven prime ministers have tried to get peace with the Palestinians since the peace process began in Oslo in 1993.
Honestly, what do I think?
Yeah.
And that could be you, couldn't it?
I'm pretty big.
Doesn't history need people to be courageous?
Yes, yes, it does.
Why isn't it happening?
Because I think that Palestinian society is split into two; those who are openly calling for Israel's destruction, like Hamas, and those who not calling openly for Israel's destruction but refuse to confront those who do.
You were shot yourself?
I was shot rescuing --
Why would you want that legacy?
The legacy that I want is that I helped secure the life of the Jewish state and its future.
The point I was making, though, is that it's no longer the only story in town, is it?
No, it's not.
Isn't that the perfect time to make this happen?
If you can be sure of who your partner will be tomorrow.
There can't be, come on?
Gaza's growing now at 17 percent because we lifted all the restrictions.
You wouldn't want your family living there, would you?
No, of course not.
And if so, why?
First of all, there's a difference in the way that the Europeans view Israel and Americans view Israel.
Where does that leave you?
In fact, that's what they're doing.
Doesn't it?
You can't bypass -- you can't bypass the parties to peace.
When is the last time you spoke to President Obama about this?
I speak to him regularly.
Is he as supportive now as he's always been?
I think there's no question he's expressed his support for Israel, especially for Israel's security.
What can I do, President Obama, to help you, Prime Minister Netanyahu, make this deal happen?
He's said that quite a few times.
Well, if I end up meeting your expectations, you'll have to invite me back to another interview, won't you?
I will do that with great pleasure.
When do you think we may see some military action?
Well, Piers, that's what everyone here really wants to know when it comes to that cease- fire that is meant to have been implemented immediately, the moment the U.N. resolution passed.
I mean, it would seem to most impartial observers here that he's calling everyone's bluff as usual, isn't it?
Yes, and that's pretty much the way people here feel, too.
Is that your reading of what's going on?
In reading the president's statement, I think for sure a no-fly zone and perhaps strikes against some of the Libyan capabilities being used against the opposition -- yes, I think that's what you read into it for sure.
Is that what you would expect?
Well, I think, specifically, what I -- what I've read in a statement, in the president's statement and in talking to others, that the U.S. will provide the enablers, the jamming aircraft, the tanker aircraft perhaps, the airborne radar control aircraft and perhaps some aircraft to map the ground, do the ground radar mapping so they know where the enemy forces are -- the enablers.
What do you give him, days, hours?
I think -- I think the time I've given him -- I mean, I think he's going to continue to attack.
So, presumably, we are looking at a fight to the end of his regime and him, aren't we?
Well, and that's where I see the contradiction in our plans at this point.
Is that correct?
Well, we are talking about the Fukushima Daiichi power plant.
Then, can we be confident that you know exactly what the situation is, or is it very difficult to properly assess given the dangerous level of radiation?
Well, as far as we have monitored radiation levels in the vicinity, those figures indicate overall the radiation levels are not as serious as we had expected.
Do you accept that criticism as valid?
Well, you know, this is -- the tragic and gigantic disaster, you know, combined with quakes, tsunamis, and nuclear incidents.
Can I ask what the situation is now in regard to the Japanese nuclear energy program in general?
Well, as a matter of our energy policy, nuclear power plants have been very important.
Do you have any idea when you may be able to bring these nuclear plants under some kind of proper control?
Well, we are making every effort to control the situation, and we are assisted by international experts, including the International Atomic Energy Agency and the U.S. experts.
What is your assessment of the current danger of the radiation leaking?
Well, I think most of the danger is confined to the area, obviously, in the plant and certainly of the surrounding areas, the 20-kilometer evacuation area.
Should we be concern about this?
Well, I think all evidence points to no.
Surely, we shouldn't be considering the end of nuclear energy, should we?
Well, I think that the nuclear industry has met its maker in the marketplace.
What do you think?
Well, I was able to pass legislation in 2002 requiring the distribution of potassium iodide, that is the protection against thyroid cancer out to a 20-mile radius.
Should America now be getting more forcefully involved over there to try to get proper answers?
In the Soviet Union, the government was not transparent during the Chernobyl crisis.
How bad was it?
Well, definitely.
Finally, have you been tested for radiation since you got back?
Yeah.
Ambassador, how do you respond to Prime Minister Netanyahu's allegation that you're too timid to stand up to Hamas?
I don't think there is truth to this allegation.
And if you insist on putting any Hamas representatives into government, then there simply can't be any deal?
Well, this is an Israeli viewpoint.
What would you say to that?
Well, I think the international community is tired and running impatient with Israeli attempts to preserve the status quo.
Would that have made life easier for everybody?
Well, you know, it might make our life easier.
What do you think when you see that picture?
Well, firstly, that I have to go on a diet.
Do you think that pulling off a peace deal might be the greatest legacy you could give your brother?
If it holds, yes.
Alan, what did you make of that interview last night?
I thought it was a great interview.
Do you think he's the kind of man who can actually make a decision which brought a peace deal but cost him his job?
Yes, I think he could, but he would have to know it didn't cost Israel its security.
How bad was the damage there?
It was bad.
Do you believe that the intended target was Colonel Gadhafi himself?
You know, government officials there have told us they believe it's intimidation of him.
It was called off at the last moment today because of journalists including yourself being taken to the compound and being used perhaps as some form of human shield, what was your reaction to that?
I found this unimaginable, hypocritical, irresponsible, and outrageous.
Late breaking tonight in the papers, very harrowing details of the ordeal that they went through, but what have you picked up so far?
It was expected that they would be released sooner than they were.
Arwa, what's going on in Benghazi tonight?
Well, here's the capital - the city of Benghazi rather is fairly quiet - the de facto capital of the opposition-controlled eastern part of the country.
There seems to be lots of conjecture about exactly who they are and whether we should be supporting them?
Well, Piers, to put it in the simplest of terms.
Are you confused?
A bit, Piers.
What kind of Libya would they choose to construct?
From a military perspective, clearly already it seems to be at least a messy operation because the message is not being communicated about what we are doing.
How does America and the allied forces with America it shall how do they declare victory?
It's a great question.
Where does it stop?
That brings up a great question, Piers.
How long are we willing to sustain this at the level of resources and policy?
General, thank you very much indeed for your time.
Wolf, from what the general was just telling me this is already a mess, isn't it, politically?
Politically the president is getting criticism from the right and from his own Democratic left.
Wolf, finally, quickly, do you think President Obama now needs to re-clarify the mission here so that everyone's under no misunderstanding about exactly what is going on?
He probably should have delivered an oval office address to the nation just before the U.S. Tomahawk cruise missiles were launched.
What do you think the Gadhafi regime will do now as the coalition begins to turn on him and perhaps circle him?
Well, I think the people that know Gadhafi close, they are sure that Gadhafi will not give up.
Ambassador, will the Arab league's endorsement for this action endure, or do you sense there is growing disquiet amongst some of the Arab League leaders that the actions going on now go much further than simply enforcing a no-fly zone?
I think the Arab League for the first time, they stand by the people, and I believe the Arab nations, they are supporting us, and some of them are very involved with supporting the Libyan people.
How do you see the future with the protesters?
Well, the opposition is the whole Libyan people.
Is there an Islamist element to the opposition?
I don't think so.
Finally, Ambassador, and quickly, please, how long do you think this will take for Gadhafi to be defeated?
I think it will not last much if the attacks on his forces continue.
Why do you think this is such a good idea?
I think the ambassador just told you what would have happened if we hadn't done this, which would have been a bloodbath in Benghazi that make what's happened already seem like child's play.
How far do you take this?
We need a policy in every one of these cases.
You believe that this is too late in the day, but will it be enough now that we have finally taken action?
I do think it will be enough.
Are you clear what it is?
I think there is a lack of clarity.
What if, as with Saddam Hussein, the no-fly zone continues for 12 years?
OLFOWITZ: That's unacceptable.
Should we go in there as well, in your opinion?
No.
How do you think President Obama has been handling this crisis?
It's going to be difficult because the mission, in my judgment, is not yet clear.
What is the current situation in Japan, in particular in relation to the ongoing nuclear crisis?
Regarding what's going on here, you can see this picture behind me, Piers.
What do you hear about that?
I mean, you know, the word trust and the word government is not necessarily synonymous, no matter where you go in the world.
What do you anticipate will happen in the next 24 hours?
I think we're going to see more bombing of more targets, maybe some here in Tripoli, certainly taking out the remaining air defense and radar installations along the coasts of that no-fly zone, gets extended all the way past Tripoli here.
Is there any sign that the Gadhafi regime is cracking under the initial pressure of coalition air strikes?
You know, really there isn't.
But what did you make of it?
I think he's set himself up here to cast himself in the country as victims, to characterize the campaign -- the coalition campaign as a crusader war because he thinks that's going to bring him support in the country and in the region, and he's continuing to do it.
What did you see there and how were you treated?
You know, this was the naval part of Tripoli harbor area, which is a pretty big area.
What do you know about that?
I don't put any faith in those reports.
What are you hearing about where Gadhafi might be?
Well, Piers, there was speculation on his part earlier before we saw Gadhafi's speech that perhaps he was seeking refuge in a bunker complex he apparently has built in the southern portion of the country, according to General Abd Al-Fattah Yunis.
Did your source tell you how the opposition is holding up?
Well, he says that they're holding up quite well.
General Myers, I can't really work out what's going on here, can you?
I think all we see is the military piece of it, Piers.
Is that -- is that even possible that that can happen?
I think it -- I'm sure it can happen.
Why are they pretending that they're not leading this?
You know what, that's a -- that's a great question.
Finally, General Myers, if you were running the armed forces right now in this operation, what would be the one thing you would want clarity on from President Obama?
Well, I think any person in the military, certainly anybody in the modern military in the last couple of decades at the strategic level worries about mission creep, having an undefined mission and allowing it to creep.
It's a little bit of a mess, isn't it, General Myers?
Well, certainly there's a lot of ambiguity, uncertainty that surrounds this situation on what is the endgame.
Senator, why do you think President Obama has failed this test?
Well, he's missed -- he missed the opportunity, I think, very early on when the rebels were in a lean-forward mode.
Can you really blame President Obama for being at the very least extremely cautious here to avoid plunged America into a third battleground following Iraq and Afghanistan, given the mess that has been caused over there?
I would say that this is nothing like Iraq and Afghanistan.
How do we know when we've won?
Well, that's the real tough question.
How was that conversation?
The conversation was great, Piers.
So at no stage in that conversation did the President Obama express any concern that the French planes went in apparently unilaterally on Saturday without actually getting express permission of America or the rest of allies?
Not at all.
Mr. Ambassador, do the French believe that Gadhafi is a legitimate target himself?
The short answer is no.
But if he's going to go and you're blowing up his compound, isn't that sending a rather big signal that you think he is a legitimate target?
You know, Piers, if I may, we have to stick to the mission.
And briefly, Ambassador, are you seeking regime change?
Again, we have a clear mandate of the U.N. Security Council that is about protection of the civilian population.
What did you make of that?
Well, let's not forget that about three weeks ago.
Is it about people or about oil?
Well, it's about both.
What effect will that have on Gadhafi and his regime?
It will start to starve him of money.
And what does it mean for the average American who's worrying about how much it's going to cost to fill up their car with gas?
Well, unfortunately, this happens at a time of year when prices go higher anyway.
Are you surprised to see Colonel Gadhafi on television laughing off the NATO attacks in a rather gruesome manner?
Not really.
What if this mission fails?
Well, that's where we really need plan B now.
I mean, Robin Wright, never mind plan B, are you sure you know what plan A is?
No.
And also more pertinently, when you see what's happening in Yemen, is that not a more direct threat to American, given the very high al Qaeda presence there?
Yemen is provably the next domino to fall.
What's been going on there throughout this period?
Well, Pakistan has always been the most dangerous country in the world because of its nuclear capability and because of the instability along that volatile border with Afghanistan.
Are they getting the attention that they need in Japan?
Well, they're certainly not getting all the attention they need.
Where do you even begin to start the process of rebuilding such a place?
Well, the government and the authorities, they need to act quickly.
I mean, the Japanese have shown remarkable calm and stoicism, but there must be a point at which even the Japanese people begin to really think what is happening to us?
Well, I was not experienced the world war, the -- the -- the world war, so I don't know about that.
What's been going on in Syria today?
Well, the protests are supposed to be totally peaceful.
What can you tell us about that?
Well, it seems that the French aircraft that spotted this Libyan aircraft, and as far as we know the type of aircraft that's a trainer aircraft used for training pilots who are going to move on to fighter jets.
And Nic, I mean, do you get a sense of the no-fly zone is actually having much of an impact on Gadhafi and his regime?
It seems to be having an impact around Misrata.
I mean, on the ground, militarily and politically, what difference does it really make?
Well, I think it is the transition that the president talked about where our role diminishes somewhat, we're still very central in the planning.
I mean, just looking at the way this has all been playing out, it seems to me that America is heavily involved but doesn't really want anyone to know that which seems to be a rather pointless exercise in terms of the PR here, isn't it?
Well, no someone is pretending that America is not involved.
And dare I say it, leadership here?
Well, I have to disagree with you there.
So why should you be overly concerned?
Well, we're concerned, and we are involved to stop a massacre.
Are they in this or not really?
Well, I think, first of all, our -- the objectives militarily have been clear from the beginning.
Does America then re-enter the fray?
First of all, I don't think we're withdrawing leadership on the diplomatic, on the political stage.
Where does this policy have consistency?
Well, I think it has consistency in the sense that we see throughout the region that people are demanding both greater participation in their political life and also greater economic opportunities.
Is it really America's job to get involved in civil wars?
OSNER: It's America's job to lead on human rights and democracy.
John, is that an accurate assessment?
You know, what it eventually will bring could easily be $100 to $150 million.
And some of the jewels were actually from the duchess of Windsor's collection, weren't they?
Absolutely.
And that makes her, John, I would imagine, one of the great private jewelry collectors of all time, doesn't it?
Without question.
Was she Hollywood's queen in all senses including the tiaras and bangles?
Absolutely, I think Elizabeth Taylor of the maximum of glamour in the world right now.
And John Block, what would be -- from your knowledge of the collection, the single most valuable piece that she owned?
You know, it's hard to say, but perhaps the Krupp diamond which was -- she was almost never -- not wearing it.
Don't you think, if I put you on the spot, do you think she preferred her diamonds to her men?
RINCE DIMITRI: Well, I think they went together.
And, John, if I could turn to you, I mean, did Elizabeth Taylor ever buy jewelry herself, or was it always just given to her by admiring men?
The only time she told me she ever bought jewelry for herself was at the Duchess of Windsor sale.
How would -- how would you imagine that she would like to be remembered knowing her as you did?
I didn't know her that well, but I think she liked to be remembered for her charitable works, for the -- for her totally generous personality.
And, Prince Dimitri, what would your memory of her be just from being a fan?
From being a fan -- from what I heard from lots of people who knew her is that she was an incredibly kind person.
What exactly is going on here?
Piers, we have been getting aftershocks every single day since the March 11 earthquake and tsunami.
Do we know what their condition is?
We understand they're in a stable condition.
What's the latest advice there from the Health Ministry?
This is a very big story at the moment here in Japan because contamination is spreading.
And Jules, did you speak to her much about life in Japan?
Yes.
And Jean, when did you get the terrible news that confirmed that she had died?
About 5:20 on Monday morning.
Did it ever cross your mind that something awful could happen?
Oh, no.
What can you tell me about that?
Yes.
How would you like people to remember your daughter?
Oh, she was loving and fun filled.
What was going through your mind as you ran towards her?
The only real things that I had going on in my mind were making sure that anyone who was injured, not just the congresswoman, but anyone who had been just in the immediate area got some treatment, and using whatever limited skills I had until someone who was better trained could come in.
What did you actually do to Gabby Giffords?
So, the congresswoman as well as others had been shot.
Did you fear in that moment that she was probably going to die, given the injury she'd sustained?
No.
Did she say anything?
She was conscious, but she wasn't able to speak.
Can you quite believe that she is where she is now?
I think for people that don't know Congresswoman Giffords, it -- it's stupendous the amount of recovery that she's been able to make in such a short amount of time.
How do you feel about being called a hero?
Still something that I'm not very comfortable with.
Are you against marriage?
No, I'm for marriage.
Do you think you will get married?
I don't know.
How would you describe the occasion?
It was -- you know, it was very much how we've been around Elizabeth.
What was she like as a godmother?
She was lovely.
I think better than most people, didn't she?
She really did.
Is that right?
Yes, she did.
Describe to me since you're one of the very few people to be there, what was the atmosphere like through the day?
You know, it was a fairly short ceremony.
That's just amazing to watch, isn't it?
Oh, it's great.
What do you think is probably the biggest misconception about Elizabeth Taylor from your experience of knowing her?
You know, it's hard to say because I knew her as a person, and I don't know her as what's in the public eye.
And Jose, finally, if you could use one word to sum up Elizabeth Taylor, what word would you go for?
Oh, unique in every which way.
Is your life as good as I imagine it to be?
My life is pretty damn good.
You don't?
And if I do, I complain about some of the things I've got, I'd be being kind of a sissy about some things.
I am?
With this movie.
What do you think of that?
That's strong.
Cool, isn't it?
Yes, that's cool.
ORGAN: Yes, what would he think of it?
He'd love that, man.
How much?
Just enough that my kids aren't going to have to worry about themselves, but enough that they're going to have to work for it.
A nice egg?
Yes, you know that egg -- I have the number that I'm going, OK, I'm going to be fine, my lady is going to be fine, my kids are going to be fine.
But do you still have to worry about bills?
Don't have to worry about them, but we're pretty thrifty.
What's that?
Well, I spent one summer with my brother shoveling mushroom compost.
What was it?
It was sheep dung.
What did it give you, shoveling compost?
Well, if you're too high on your horse, as my mom would say, shoveling some sheep dung for 20 days in the middle of nowhere is probably a good thing for you.
Was the dream there then?
I don't think it was.
Were you a fan of the movies?
No.
Really?
I saw two films before I was 17.
What were they?
"Orca" and "King Kong."
Really?
Yes.
Because your dad was a football player?
He used to play for the Green Bay Packers in 1953.
And it hadn't been a career path, when was the moment you suddenly thought, OK, maybe?
There was a day -- and mind you, there were many days leading up to this, but I was becoming restless with the idea of heading towards law school, which is what I thought I was going to do.
Were you relieved at the reaction?
Oh, I was relieved.
He was artistic as well as sporty?
Yes.
Does part of you think ever, I would have quite liked to have been a lawyer?
No, not that much.
She's got soccer practice tomorrow, right?
No.
Do you think you're the first client to ever threaten me and my family?
All I said was she's pretty.
You don't?
They're not the first ones I go see when I leave to go out to the theater.
Do I ever?
Yes.
-- comedy?
Yes.
If it had to be one or the other?
Yes.
You like that?
-- it's very pacey.
One what?
Jammy Git.
-- England -- England, what does that mean?
It's an English euphemism for very lucky man.
I mean you struck gold, didn't you?
I would agree with you.
And they -- I mean they are very exotic people?
Yes.
Is that what attracted you to her?
I mean there's a -- you know, I spoke of her grace earlier.
What was going on there?
I mean, that's a great --
-- to not want to get married?
I don't think so.
Are you against marriage?
No.
Do you think you will get married?
I don't know.
And how's fatherhood?
Fatherhood is a --
-- as good as you thought and hoped it would be?
Yes.
It's like even now, you look back with affection, don't you?
Oh, yes.
You first noticed he never had his shirt on, right?
Yes.
Really?
Yes.
What did Martina say?
Enough.
You love these things, don't you?
I like drums.
Mishka?
Well, Mishka, he's with my record level -- label, Just Keep Livin Records.
Is that something that you aspire to or is there something else that's more significant to you?
Work-wise, I mean, that would be -- that would be an honor.
You play the bongos?
We do the soundtrack.
And even though you don't want to put yourself through any kind of epitaph, if I held you down and forced you to, what would you like on the Matthew McConaughey tombstone?
Jeez --
What was most important to Elizabeth, do you think?
Most important to Elizabeth were her family, her friends, her care about AIDS research, standing up before anyone that we knew of in Hollywood stood up after her friend Rock Hudson died a terrible death from AIDS.
I mean you've been a star the length of the time that she was, but there was something special about Liz Taylor, wasn't there?
Well, I remember when I first saw her, everybody wanted to look like -- well, not -- when I first saw her, when she did "A Date with Judy' when she was about 15 and everybody -- all my friends, all of us at school, we all wanted to look like her.
Really?
She was so giving and when she supported you -- if she liked you -- you had no better friend.
Did you love doing that play?
I did.
Because that -- that -- that's top of the crop writing, isn't it?
AYLOR: Oh, wonderful.
How did you like -- was Richard a helpful actor?
He was a brilliant actor.
Is that still the ring he gave you?
Well, I don't throw it often --
Was this his engagement ring to you?
No, it was like a couple of years later.
What made her that?
Because of the -- first of all, Piers, you've never seen eyes like Elizabeth Taylor's.
What was she like?
Same as she was on camera.
I think the world is going to miss Elizabeth Taylor, isn't it, Larry?
ING: Sure are, and even though she -- we didn't see much of her the last couple of years, she was very ill, we'll never have anyone -- think of it from --
Did she really?
Which I thought was incredibly sweet.
What was the real Elizabeth like, do you think?
.
And what did you think that your father ended up thinking about Elizabeth?
I know what he thought.
What was your impression of her as an actress?
Well, I mean she glowed.
What was it about her that enabled her to have that empathy, do you think?
Well, I think I always call it sort of rampant empathy.
How would you like the world to remember Elizabeth Taylor?
She was this incredibly vital -- and she had a great, great sense of humor.
Why are you afraid of the truth?
Truth!
Wasn't it?
Now, I don't think it was a risk for her because she has had all the strength and the courage and the dedication to do what she was doing, that nobody could touch that.
What tangible effect did she have to improve people's live, do you think?
She had two effects.
Getting angry, Betty?
That was the way it was supposed to be.
Dick, what's your favorite memory of Elizabeth Taylor?
My favorite memory is totally unlikely.
Why?
You know, Piers, there was just something so special about her.
Do you feel like today we've really lost a generation?
Yes.
Did anyone see the speech where you are?
No one will have seen it on state television and there's been no comment on state television about it.
I mean the key thing, it seems to me, Nic, is we're still not really sure -- I don't think -- what this mission is, because there is a confusion between a position that says we don't want regime change, but we do want Gadhafi gone, isn't there?
Well, the way it's read here is that this is the international coalition, the crusader army, as Gadhafi puts it, coming in on the side of the opposition to rebuild the sort of colonial footprint here, divide the country, steal the oil.
What did you make of that development in this story?
If that's the way this is going to take shape over the coming weeks and months, it's clearly going to be a very protracted affair, because the opposition really isn't in a place to face of against Gadhafi's army, even if you neutralize the army, their heavy weapons, their superiority, and advantage on the battlefield, what would seem today in Sirte, Gadhafi's hometown, is civilians with weapons.
Senator, what did you make of the speech?
Parts of it are very good.
I mean is that the kind of rebel army that we should be supporting?
Here's what I do know.
But isn't that exactly what people were saying in Iran before they were indeed taken over by extremists?
Well, here's what happened in Iran.
General Myers, from a military perspective, is it satisfactory and clear enough for the military leaders that you have the president saying we don't want regime change, but we do want Gadhafi gone?
Well, you know, I think so far so good.
I mean are these the kind of people that we can trust to be the stable future government of this country that we presumably believe they can be?
I think, Piers, we're going to learn a lot more as -- tomorrow, the next day, there's going to be a get-together in London, I think, to talk to some of the opposition leadership.
If we assume the president is right when we he says this is a humanitarian exercise, then what happens if these rebels begin to turn their guns on pro-Gadhafi supporters who are civilians?
Well, that's the -- you know, that's always the question.
What do you think of the speech tonight?
I think it's a great speech.
Where does that leave everybody?
Well, I don't think so there is any chance for Gadhafi to stay in power.
But right now, we're in a position where if Gadhafi hangs on, and America has not gone in with its full might, where does that leave everybody?
It leaves -- it leaves America, it leaves the Middle East, it leaves the world in a very -- in a very terrible situation.
How can you leave him there?
Let me play devil's advocate.
Would you be happy as American president to have seen in the way that we did very unusually the French taking the lead followed by the British, and the Americans, you know, sending most of the forces in terms of all these, you know, missiles being fired, but not wanting to have the credit for doing that?
I don't quite understand that.
If they're so darned upset about us being in the Middle East, why would they ask him to intervene?
What happens if -- as we're seeing now in Syria, for example, you're seeing the leadership there killing large numbers of people, ever increasing numbers of people.
P.J. Crowley, did he sell it to you?
Yes, he did.
Do you think that the way this coalition has now been constructed is likely to be an effective one?
I mean Kosovo is a very good example of where we did a bombing for 79 days.
Are you absolutely confident that what everyone assumes was going to happen in Benghazi is what was going to happen?
Well, if you look at Egypt, the fundamental decision -- why Egypt worked the way it was is because the Egyptian military, from the outset, said very clearly, we are not going to turn our weapons on our own people.
Presumably, given that's what's happening in Syria and Yemen, you would want to go in there as well, would you?
Understand the predicates to military action.
At what point does America stop meddling in Middle Eastern affairs and look after it's own backyard?
In fact, as Secretary Clinton and Secretary Gates said yesterday, the Middle East is, in fact, of vital interest to the United States.
Do you stand by those comments?
Absolutely.
So do you feel that you were treated unfairly?
I felt that under the circumstances, given the way that the issue emerged, it was my best step to resign.
What was your reaction to President Obama's speech tonight?
Well, I think he's trying hard.
When you hear President Obama say that he wants to get rid of Gadhafi, but he doesn't want regime change, does that make sense to you?
It makes no sense whatsoever.
And why aren't they paying for this?
That's a very good point.
As a matter of principle, is it sensible that America gets involved in what is clearly a civil war in Libya?
Well, I felt that the president was very presidential tonight.
Anthony Weiner, do you agree with that assessment?
Yes, look, I think the sign that the president's probably on the right path is his critics are criticizing him in the same interview for going too far and not going far enough and fast enough.
If the Saudis and others are keen for America to step in and get rid of Gadhafi, why aren't they helping to pay for it?
That's exactly the point the president made about not being willing to get stuck in.
When you drop bombs on people, you're at war, aren't you?
I guess you don't remember the Kosovo engagement of 1999.
What is your take on the strength of America here?
It's interesting when we're talking about stepping in, when in fact you have other countries that are making Libya look like nice guys.
Are we winning for people that are friendly with Iran or al Qaeda?
Governor Richardson, let me come back to you.
Why were you doing that?
Well, I was shaking my head at you as well.
Governor Richardson, the intriguing thing about Gadhafi is that, of course, until recently, we were back on friendly terms with this murderous dictator, weren't we?
Yes.
As a businessman, what do you think?
Well, I think that's right, but I also say that NATO is us.
Why aren't they paying us for it?
Anthony Weiner, you're still shaking your head.
If the Arab League now say we need you in Syria, do we go?
I don't know.
Is that the story of the day?
It's the story of the day and even bigger than that I think is the story that Gadhafi's response to the conference in London, to President Obama's speech, is the go on the offensive not just against the rebels in the east, around Bin Jawad, and all that territory they took around the oil fields over the last few days, but also in the town of Misrata where we visited just yesterday, going on the offensive there.
Not just Twitter but Facebook and other mediums of that type?
What we've heard in all these countries is that the people have lost the fear.
So what does stopped in the tracks mean?
What it means, Piers, is that as you well know when the coalition military activity began some 10 days ago, it occurred just as Gadhafi's forces were massing on the strategic city in the east of Benghazi where some 700,000 people were very vulnerable.
So can you clarify it?
It's really -- it's really not that confusing.
Will you be arming -- will you be arming the rebels, Ambassador?
We will -- as I was just getting to, we'll be providing political, humanitarian, other forms of assistance to the opposition.
What's your -- what's your name on twitter?
@AmbassadorRice.
And what do you think of the power of Twitter in terms of what we've seen in the Middle East in particular where you have young, educated people using Twitter and other social networking means to spread the message from these countries in the way they perhaps wouldn't have been able to 10, 15 years ago?
Well, it certainly has dramatically changed the way that people can communicate with one another, rally one another, to common objectives.
Did you ever imagine in your wildest dreams that you would have that kind of spread?
It's extremely humbling to see how quickly the velocity of the service, how it's taken off.
Was that part of the thinking?
So it's always been focused on the recipient.
How dramatically has this changed your working practice?
Well, it means that -- for example, in Egypt -- so when I go to Tahrir Square, as you know I did during the protests, and I see a thug sent by Mubarak, one of these plainclothes policemen carrying this big club with nails embedded in it, then you know I don't wait to see what happens, I don't wait for -- until my next column.
Which is amazingly powerful firsthand immediate testimony, isn't it?
Absolutely.
Whose idea was it?
It was one of our co-workers, Noah Glass.
Could you?
No.
The bosses or Twitter?
Well, actually that has come up a few times when I'm in some very dicey position, and I tweet.
Because I've noticed it's a mixture of amusing stuff about you and your life, but primarily it's a fantastic business tool, isn't it?
It is very much so.
How vast is your audience at the moment?
Well, it's -- right now I have about 2.2 million followers.
Does it show power and influence, the total?
I don't think she's going to actually take over the presidency if she gets more followers than Obama.
You become almost a -- in perpetuity publicist, don't you?
Well, you could.
What is a bad use of Twitter, particularly for famous people?
Well, I don't know what a bad use it, because I have had only very, very good response to my tweets.
While you're still -- are you still new to it?
I'm a newbie, yes.
Because you're of Polish descent, what is your favorite Polish dish that you like to cook?
Pierogi.
Pierogi?
Yes.
And what is Pierogi?
It's a dumpling.
That's tomorrow, right?
It's tomorrow.
What's the persuasive element for you?
Well, I just got a whole lot of tweets from people saying -- I'm sure they're dictating the requests of their child or something, asking how difficult is it, it is very easy.
Should you drink and tweet?
Absolutely not.
Alyssa, this was a rather curious way to track your follower account up, wasn't it?
That was a very proud Twitter moment for me, yes.
Forget business for a moment, in terms of raising awareness of issues, charitable causes?
Definitely, definitely.
Did you have any -- any qualms about doing that?
ILANO: No.
We're all Twits, really, aren't we?
We're all Twits.
About stars?
Actually, early on I didn't think celebrities would want to use Twitter because I thought for exactly that reason, that part of their allure was that you couldn't get close to them.
I want to see -- Martha, you got any good Tweets?
Here's a good one.
And in contrast to poor old Mayor Bloomberg, who was getting booted all around New York by the media because he had the gall to spend 48 hours without solving it, which in Britain would have taken three years -- you were getting all the praise because you hit the Twitter and you were just talking directly to people trapped in the snow, weren't you?
Well, every mayor was struggling in this area.
When did you realize this was going to be a really effective tool for you?
I got on in March -- May of '09.
Did you really?
I did.
Is that what you want to see happen?
I hope so.
Pretty extraordinary, isn't it?
It's amazing what people are doing with it.
Would you like to see the president being more pro- active on Twitter himself, actually doing what you do?
I don't know if it's practical there.
What do you think about the role of Twitter in creating talented leaders in U.S. politics?
Well, you know, I think that leaders need to be accessible.
When you have your baby, will you be putting the first baby pictures proudly up on your Twitter, Tweeting to the world?
ILANO: I don't know about baby pictures, because then that becomes a security issue.
That's the definition of obsessive junkie, isn't it?
It is.
You see it as a really great business tool, don't you?
Yeah, I do.
Who wants to see that all way?
We've talked about this before.
Can you get a little bit too fresh on Twitter?
Well, it's a public medium.
What is it?
Square.
What do I do?
I can swipe your card right here.
Do you still think he's sexy?
Never you mind.
What do you think -- when you sit here in this room, what do you think?
Well, there's not a day goes by when I don't get up and say thank you to somebody.
How much time do you spend here?
Most of the time.
And do you like it here?
I do.
What do you miss, though, about back home?
I suppose I miss the British cynicism and the humor.
Would you plead guilty to that?
That's a very dangerous question.
I mean can you remember the names of every woman that you've taken to bed?
No, no, absolutely impossible.
But you feel guilty that you can't remember?
Quite honest --
What's sort the perfect Rod Stewart woman?
I'm married to her.
I did say that, didn't I?
So a leggy blond, basically.
Why blondes?
People ask me that and all I can put it down to is my infatuation with Marilyn Monroe when I was younger and you know maybe Brigitte Bardot, because when I was a kid, you know, preteens and going into teens, they were the two blonde idols.
That potential age gap?
No.
Do I look a worried man?
You don't look massively encumbered by stresses of life, I must say.
How hard when you thought perhaps, you know, it may never work?
I think we were more or less resigned to the fact that if it doesn't work we've got one wonderful son with Alastair and you know I've been very fortunate -- I mean eight children now so I wouldn't have complained.
Where were you when you heard the good news?
I was at the Kremlin doing a show in Russia, Moscow, and Penny phoned me up and says, we've done it, we've done it, we've done it, and we both just burst into tears.
Are you a good dad, do you think?
You should ask me kids that maybe.
What have you learned that perhaps you didn't know when you were younger?
The fine line between spoiling a child and depriving has always been difficult for me because I've come from a working class background and now you know wonderful wealth so it's hard for me not to spoil them and it's difficult -- I find it very difficult.
Do you spoil them, do you think?
No, I don't think so.
How do you deal about price of fame for your kids?
Well, it's a double-edged sword.
I think that's had a happy ending, hasn't it?
TEWART: Happy ending.
Do you feel guilty about it?
Yes, I feel guilty about everything.
What do you call it?
We're not weirdoes.
No one has ever seen it, have they?
Well it's been in magazines.
Seriously?
No.
So we can't see it then?
No, no, no, it's really private.
The size of this room?
It's the length of this house.
How many trains do you have?
It's not a question of trains.
People still watching this?
Yes.
Singing?
Yes.
Did you love that instant chemistry with an audience, the reaction that you got?
I didn't get any reaction at all.
What was the moment when you thought, I want to be a rock star?
Oh, man, probably when I saw Mick and the Stones over at Eel Pie Island.
You know?
So you're watching Mick Jagger who the hot rock star.
And what did you hope being a rock star would bring you?
A sports car.
That transformation possess, was there a point when you thought, I've got to do this on my own?
No.
Where would all this stuff go?
I don't know.
Out the window?
No, we'd put it in the elevator and sent it down to the lobby.
Was there anyone that matched you and Ronnie?
There was The Who.
But when that happened, when it just exploded, what was that time like for you because that was stratospherically, wasn't it?
Yes.
What do you think of that?
No, that's bullocks.
Would you do it?
I have gone into the pub for a couple of hours, get a bit of Dutch courage.
I mean could you imagine doing a duet with her singing?
Yes.
What do you think of her voice technically?
I think it's beautiful.
How did you deal with the first negativity that came your way?
Another dangerous question.
Why did they go after you, do you think?
Because I mean look at me.
I supposed the obvious question, do you think you're sexy?
No, we talked about that earlier.
What's the Rod Stewart magic with women?
I don't know.
What to you is sexy?
It's an inner thing, it's a look in the eye.
Or were you?
No.
Do you regret that?
Of course, I do.
You know?
So you --
I was going to say, I mean, were you just too young?
My dad told me.
I mean if you had your time again what age would you get married, do you think?
TEWART: I don't think you put an age on it.
Wasn't it?
Oh yes, it certainly was, yes, very hurtful.
Why do you think it didn't work out, when you look back on it?
She was too young.
Really?
Me sister Mary told me brother.
Why did she think that?
I think because my sister Mary understands that women do a lot of growing between 21 and 30, you know, which Rachel probably has.
Did it break your heart, do you think?
Oh, yeah, bloody hell did it.
Did you feel, wow, this is what it feels like?
It was a good six months of, you know, laying upstairs looking at the ceiling in bed, couldn't get out of bed, depression, didn't drink for six month.
ORGAN: Did you not?
Didn't drink for six months.
How did you get over it?
Well, there's no way of getting over it.
But what were the lessons you had to learn from that not working, that second marriage?
Probably, you know, I'm a better listener now than I've ever been before.
Do you?
Yeah, I used to say it, but now I'm all over it like a dirty rag, Penny, every morning, love you darling, I love you pussycat.
But the first moment you saw her, what did you think?
Well, it was at the Dorchester Hotel.
Are you as happy now as you've ever been?
Yeah, without a doubt.
But what was it about her that gave you contentment, do you think?
She's naughty.
Do you think she's the one?
Beyond a doubt.
When you got that call, what were you thinking?
Didn't even think it could be cancer.
But did you get a sense then of your own mortality for the first time?
Yeah, yeah.
Did you think to yourself, I could die here?
Yeah, yeah, I didn't -- no, I didn't when I went into the surgery.
What was going through your mind, seriously?
I was frightened, really scared, and all sorts of thoughts were going through my mind, you know, of becoming a landscape gardener.
Was there a moment when -- like a Eureka moment when you knew you were back?
Yes, exactly six months after the operation, five or six month.
What was the moment?
Well, I could do an hour of singing.
Outside of football?
It can include football, but for this audience --
Or are you content now to keep rocking at the level that you are?
Well, you know, the business has been very kind to me.
It's extraordinary that you've had this career resurgence on great American songs?
Yeah, it is.
When you had the idea, quite a gamble for you to do that?
Yeah.
Were there people telling you don't do this?
First I had the idea in the '80s.
Really?
I'm supposed to do a Christmas album sometime.
You can do a country album?
Yeah, man.
Do you still get the same kick out of touring?
Yeah.
Is it still the one thing that is more exciting than anything else?
Well, Celtie beating Rangers is good.
What is that feeling like?
I don't suffer nerves like I used to.
How do you know when you've got them?
You can see it, mate.
Really?
It's tremendous, yes.
Is that the greatest feeling?
Yeah, yeah, it is.
ORGAN: Is that better than sex?
No, no, it's not that good, mate.
What would you like your epitaph to be?
I'm a celebrity, get me out of here.
Do you have a way you would like to be remembered then?
Just as an honest guy who loved his football, just a simple man really who got extremely lucky, extremely lucky.
If your parents could be sitting now watching this, what do you think they would have thought?
Well, you know, they saw me break through in the early '70s.
They would be proud of you as a man, do you think, the way you've evolved?
Yeah, they would, I'm sure.
You've lost lots of money?
Yeah, not compared to some.
Do you know how much you're worth?
Sort of.
Is there a moment when your pride would say to you, enough?
No.
What would be the worst thing for you?
The Barnett (ph) going.
Bald?
I don't know how I would cope with that.
Do you know what it is?
Go on.
Would you say you're vain on that?
Yeah.
Are you gay?
Well, it wasn't going to be that, but maybe it's something you want to tell me, Rod.
No, no, it's actually whether you're still wearing women's underwear?
No, not today I'm not.
For what period of time were you wearing women's underwear?
Just for one show.
Judge Mukasey, what is the legal position with this man as we stand today?
Well, if in fact he had anything to do with the bombing of 103, that is either by way of transmitting the order or giving the orders, then he could be tried by a Scottish court.
Will they be given that chance, do you think?
I think they'll be given the chance to talk to him.
What do you make of what is happening in Libya right now just -- as an American and as a judge?
As an American, obviously to the extent that somebody has it in mind to get rid of Gadhafi, that's all to the good.
Would you ever see a position where you would trade immunity for people like Moussa Koussa in return for the capture of Gadhafi himself?
Well, Moussa Koussa should be given a really cushy cell somewhere, and I understand that he needs medical treatment, and that would be great, as well.
What was that?
What you had in Kuwait was the resignation of the government.
Do you predict economic turmoil for quite -- some considerable time?
I predict uncertainty for quite a bit of time.
And what did you find?
So I went there just to thank our colleagues who have been doing an amazing job in our Tokyo office, and nothing, Piers, prepared me.
Or in terms of economy, are they able to withstand it on their own?
So in the short term, this is a headwind for everybody, because it disrupts demand, it disrupts supply chains.
Is your general advice to the American consumer tighten the belt a bit?
It is.
Going to be a bumpy ride?
It's going to be a bumpy ride.
If there's one thing you need to know about my next guest is don't bet against Dwayne Johnson, the man you may known as "The Rock," is a star in the ring, a star in Hollywood, a star -- just about a star everything, aren't you?
A star everything, yes.
What do you think that has come from?
I would have to say -- I would have to say growing up and the examples that were set for me from my parents.
Did you ever imagine you'd reach the stage where you're a $10 million-a-movie star?
No, I didn't.
And you say that's mainly from your parents, you think?
OHNSON: Well, I think a good portion it is, sure.
Mr. President, are you OK?
Oh, my god.
When you look at what's happened with Barack Obama, do you see parallels with your life?
Well, the -- certainly the ones that you just mentioned, sure, and plus I think, you know, growing up in Hawaii -- Hawaii's a very warm and proud place to grow up.
Have you met him?
I've talked to the phone with him.
What was that about?
Oh, many private things, Piers.
Really?
No, not at all.
You ever think maybe I'll have a go?
Sure -- you know, I thought about it.
Well, in what way?
Ultimate power, you're the president of the United States of America.
What are the things that would really be passionate to you?
I would be passionate about taking care of our troops and protecting our troops.
Has anyone said that before?
They have.
How do you think -- how do you think he's doing?
I think he's doing a great job, and I'm very, very proud of him.
But everyone is asking one question, are you ever going to get back and start wrestling again?
I'm open to it.
You are?
Very open to it.
You still work together, right?
We do.
What was your expectation of marriage?
My expectation -- my expectation of marriage, you know, I don't quite know what my expectation of marriage was back then.
Who's the lucky girl in your life now then?
I can't tell you that.
How have you managed to achieve that?
Well, privacy's important to me and it's important -- you know, my relationships -- the relationships I have, whether it -- regardless of who it is, whether it's my girlfriend, ex-wife's little girl friends, whatever it is, it -- it's always been important to me to be private and live privately.
Or has it put you off for life going through a bad divorce?
No, not at all.
You know that, you know?
Of course.
-- was genius, wasn't it?
Well, to say -- it was genius.
Is all this really necessary to apprehend two men?
One's a former federal officer, spent five years in deep cover.
Can you remember them?
I do.
What were they?
I do.
Has he told you that he loves you now?
He has, yes.
What else would you put in there?
Being a good dad is one.
Like to win an Oscar?
I would love to, sure.
Practiced your speech?
Sure, I would love to.
Who's the one person you believe -- if you had to choose one -- you owe most to?
My mom.
If I was to ask you, Jerry Weintraub is -- what would you say?
I'm on Piers Morgan today.
But how would you describe yourself?
You know, it's hard for me to describe myself.
What was he like -- Sinatra?
He was a great guy.
What do you think separates the good from the great when it comes to stars?
I think they're -- well, Sinatra knew how to tell a story in song.
Is it the same thing?
Sure, it is.
You sad to see her go?
Yes.
And who's the woman?
The women love him.
Who's the woman?
I think right now of all the ladies, depending on the kind of role it is, Angie -- Angelina Jolie is brilliant.
And who would you pick to play you in a movie?
Will Smith.
How have you pulled this off, Jerry?
Well, I haven't pulled it off.
Well, you picked very good women, haven't you?
Yes.
That's the trick, isn't it?
I've been lucky twice.
Do you condemn them?
Absolute tragedy, Piers.
Would you condemn them for calling for those protests?
I think unfortunately it's going to put more fuel on the fire that was already lit today.
Where will this end, do you think, Corey?
Well, unfortunately, think all too often extremists on both sides, the violent extremists that did the attack today, the extremists down in Florida, Terry Jones, control this conversation.
What is the latest?
Well, the government is the government here is dismissing out of hand, it seems, the conditional cease-fire that the opposition has put forward.
Is that accurate, do you think?
He feels he has.
Are they going to continue them at the level they have been at, serious and aggressive, or are they going to start to back off?
Nic, thank you very much.
How long has he got?
Well, Piers, if you talk to government officials like we've been doing in Yemen, many have already written the President Saleh's political obituary.
Would you blame Mr. Jones for what happened today?
I think what he did was certainly unnecessary and I think the consequences have been horrific.
I mean, there's got to be some way of stopping people like Terry Jones behaving this way, isn't there?
Well, certainly, you want him not to do things like that.
Is it a sensible time for America to be withdrawing?
Well, honestly, Piers, I do think that it is time for the other countries in NATO and the Arab League to take more charge here, to take more responsibility.
Huh?
Give me a ballpark.
Why don't you just give them some money?
Well, I don't know that one has anything to do with the other.
Will you carry on shooting elephants then?
Well, I will not carry on shooting elephants.
What was your reaction?
Well, ever since this oafish violent video posted, we have taken our business with GoDaddy and gone elsewhere.
What's your reaction to that?
I disagree with that totally.
If you were doing for this some kind of humanitarian purpose, why are you looking like you're some kind of super hunter with your kill there?
Let me tell you about the smile I have on my face at that time.
And any other animals?
He's killed other wild animals.
Have you had any financial damage to your company, GoDaddy.com, so far, in light this incident?
No, none at all.
So, nobody's removed any money?
And I'll tell you why -- because most people -- most Americans understand people need to eat.
Do I seem dangerous to you?
You seem relatively harmless, but all the best serial killers are harmless to look at.
Where are your limits?
ILVERMAN: I just go by a guideline of -- if it makes my heart sink or it makes me feel bad, then I won't say it.
But don't all comedians want attention?
Yes.
To hang out with you?
Of course!
Why wouldn't you?
No, you're a lot of fun.
What are you fears?
Oh, my God.
What should we talk about?
Rather.
I mean, what do you want?
I would love to make you cry.
You want to?
But only if it helps you, ultimately, if it is some sort of breakthrough.
Huh?
You're quite bolshy.
Are you playful?
Yes.
Or is it like an undercurrent of menace?
It depends on the situation.
How you feeling at the moment?
Right now, I'm feeling --
Isn't he?
No, he's an actor named John Hamm.
The types who are in these shows are fairly ghastly, aren't they?
Right, yes.
What are you looking at?
I understood that.
Sorry?
That's what I hear.
You hear doit-doit-doit?
Yeah.
It's all the same, isn't it?
Yeah.
It's all the same, isn't it?
Touche.
Is that a British word?
Touche is a French word.
Oh, because France is basically Britain, right?
Right.
Across the pond?
Doit, doit, doit, doit.
What your view of your great country?
I love America.
You think America loves you?
That is such a weird question.
Do you think America loves you?
I shouldn't think so for a moment, no.
They probably think who is obnoxious little Limey Brit we have got sitting here?
I think when you talk about a whole people, it's--
How about the great Larry King?
--getting, you are generalizing a bit.
No, I mean, does it matter to you that you are popular in America?
I'm popular for a Jew.
Uh, is it not?
I'm not sure.
I mean, I think when stuff like Mel Gibson, when he said, like, you know, like Jewish stuff or anything like that?
But there is outrage when he said things like that.
And beautiful and perfect, and it would be true, you know?
You were very candid in that book.
Can you be a successful, smart comedian, without having gone through a lot of crap in your life?
Probably not.
Why?
I don't know!
Because your family was-it wasn't a misery scenario was it?
No, I mean, you know-yeah, no!
Was it the divorce do you think?
No.
Because what did I have to loose?
ORGAN: From the most unlikely background.
Is that what you felt?
I had nothing to loose.
Are you?
Yeah.
What would you like from your life that you don't have?
Uh, nothing.
You have an allergy to non-funny people, don't you?
They don't have to be comedians but they have to be funny.
Do you prefer men that make you laugh, or who laugh at your jokes?
Oooh, I think that make me laugh, but both.
You are such weird people, aren't you, comedians?
ILVERMAN: So weird.
You know what I mean?
We're talking to people who make responsibility for other people's happiness.
Oy!?
Yes.
Do you still feel as passionate about him as you did then?
Yeah!
Have you met him?
You mother (EXPLETIVE DELETED).
Can we fast forward to the bit where you make a complete ass of yourself?
Ugh!
Didn't you then inform him that in your next movie you were going to be nude?
There is-ugh.
Can we just have the exact wording?
Well, he goes, "Well, what's next for you?"
What did he say?
He defused the situation, you know, generously like-
He didn't say that?
He said it not in a pervy way.
What other way can it not be pervy?
But in a let's make her not feel weird by saying a weird thing.
The president of the United States immediately responded by asking if you could send him a copy of the movie in which you are naked?
It was levity.
Were you flattered that the president wanted to see you naked?
Well, no, because I know what it is.
Michelle was in hearing distance?
No.
And standout, where you walk out, it's live, it's all whatever you want to do, and then it's all over?
They're completely different.
It is one of those botched names, wasn't it?
Thank you.
What is your middle name?
Kate.
I wish I could say it's been a pleasure, but it's been tense, hasn't it?
Give me a break.
Should nobody be searched?
I'm saying only me.
Why just you?
Because of who I am.
You believe in profiling, basically?
Yeah.
Would you only profile Muslims at airports?
I don't know.
Could The Body be planning a run for the White House?
You'll be the first to know, Piers.
All the people that question me, I turn around and say well, how much independent investigation have you done?
Jesse Ventura for the hour.
What have you made of it from your vantage point?
Well, you probably shouldn't ask me that considering my TV show is called "Conspiracy Theories."
What do they create there?
Well, it's -- what it is, it's 50 antennas basically that put out 50,000 watts, which is the maximum you can for radio, and it combines and shoots it up into the atmosphere, and they ricochet it off back he ground.
What's your take?
Well, my take is that we're only worried if there's a corporate interest.
Really?
Yes.
Do you?
No, I see it being run by corporations, though.
When you see what was apparently about to happen in Benghazi in Libya where it appeared that Gadhafi was about to slaughter possibly hundreds of thousands of his own people, is there not a humanitarian duty for countries like America to try and prevent that if they can?
Yes.
Oh, he was?
ORGAN: Yes.
But why is it always the United States?
Well, it's not.
Do you think America has for too long been the world's policemen?
Yes.
We shut down all the bases overseas?
We can get anywhere.
So you're saying the mere presence of American bases is inflammatory?
Yes.
Why do we have bases in foreign countries?
Well, the argument is to try and prevent uprisings of the --
And is it actually perversely -- could it be helpful now that places like China are emerging ahead of us?
Well, I think it's very easy to see what's going on.
You were serving, is that correct?
I don't -- when I got back -- I'm a Navy SEAL, when I got back from my service overseas in my first deployment, the My Lai massacre had just happened.
Yes, I mean the point I was going to make is what lesson did you learn being in the military about the reality of war?
Probably the biggest lesson I learned happened in 2004 when I was teaching at Harvard.
I mean do you think as a matter of principle as with Vietnam, (INAUDIBLE) in Libya, that America and the West generally should stay out of civil war?
Yes.
Let countries fight it out if they want to?
Yes.
Could be a more sensible and dare I say a cheaper foreign policy?
Well, I don't know, it would certainly be cheaper.
Does it?
Well, the alternative is you just let every country get on with it.
Shouldn't countries determine their own destiny?
Possibly, so you end up then with the possibility of further Irans, which is dangerous to world peace.
Well, for example, by your yardstick, if you don't go and get involved in places like Egypt, when there's an uprising as there was, and you get extremists in charge who decide they want to punish America and they want to get together with the Syrians and the Yemen -- Yemeni and the Iranians, and they're going to stop any oil coming out of the Middle East to America, then what?
Well --
Do you want to know why we're in Afghanistan?
I'm fascinated.
So why don't they just, Piers, tell me the truth?
But Jesse, that's not --
What did he risk it for?
He risked it because everybody knows Osama bin Laden was training people to commit atrocities in Afghanistan.
We all know that?
That's a fact.
How come -- Piers, how come 2,000 architects and engineers met in San Francisco demanding a new investigation?
Jesse, you're the first guest I've had where we're still arguing in the breaks.
Who did that?
It was done by William Harvey, who was the head of the CIA's assassination unit at the time.
Doesn't mean anything, does it?
I can be slightly naive.
Why?
Because I tried them and I'm an expert marksman, he wasn't.
Did Neil Armstrong land on the moon?
I don't know.
What do you think?
Yes, I think he did.
Why would you believe that?
Because we have the technology to get there.
What type of investigation is that?
I have never, ever heard anybody suggest the investigations were closed on the Monday within hours --
Well, do you believe everything you read in the papers?
I did -- I did then.
-- in your mother's newspaper from the time?
I've studied John Kennedy for 25 years, Piers.
Your theory of 9/11 is what?
My theory of 9/11 is that we certainly -- at the best we knew it was going to happen.
Are you suggesting he knew?
If you look -- well, put it to you this way, the August 6th memo was pretty clear.
Are you -- do you genuinely believe, Jesse Ventura, that President George W. Bush knew 9/11 was going to happen?
No.
Why do you say it then?
No.
Well, why do you say it?
But I believe Dick Cheney knew it.
Really?
Yes.
You believe he knew it was going to happen?
ENTURA: I believe they had -- well, why did John Ashcroft quit flying commercial planes that summer and switch only to private planes.
Really?
Unfortunately they exposed a massive flaw Homeland Security.
Then what was it?
They floor was that these guys have been trailing and often aiming to go one way, aiming to land planes in a certain manner.
I mean do you believe Princess Diana was murdered?
No, I don't look that.
But what do you think?
I don't know.
You don't believe that when two large planes hit the World Trade Center, hit both towers and they explode that that couldn't bring down two buildings?
No.
Now if everything took place, Piers, 150 floors up, why was there molten metal underneath?
You wrote --
You consider yourself to be a good American?
I've been a mayor, I've been a governor, and I served six years and was honorably discharged from the United States Navy.
Do you believe it happened?
No, no, no.
So he didn't know?
I don't know.
Did he know or not?
I don't know.
Do you agree with Ron Paul there?
Absolutely.
Wikileaks couldn't?
Once the mission is over, we're not jeopardizing --
You don't think anything published in Wikileaks could possibly jeopardize lives or military operations?
Let's go to this young man that's in prison right now.
So what do we get to know about?
But my point --
Did you believe it was in the public interest that Wikileaks reveal, for example, that Colonel Gadhafi had four mistresses?
I could care less how many women Colonel Gadhafi has.
But is it in the public interest to reveal that information?
I don't know.
They did about your son, right?
They trumped up charges.
OK, then why is it OK for our -- why is it OK for them to expose my private stuff?
I'm not saying it is.
Shouldn't they be the ones who have put America in danger, the ones who wrote it?
No, because the whole point of being a diplomat is that when you report to your government, around the world -- wait, wait, let me finish.
Would you agree if the CIA discovered tomorrow that they knew where Osama bin Laden was, that he should be assassinated?
No.
What about Gadhafi?
No.
You don't care?
No.
Jesse, with respect, isn't that exactly what Navy SEALS do all the time?
ENTURA: No.
Kind of like Curveball?
Wait, wait.
How do you get it out of them?
You just have to do what you can to attempt to get it out of them, but torture is not the answer.
So you think it's inconsistent?
ENTURA: I think it's very inconsistent.
Why weren't they water boarded to find out what they knew?
What do you think of Guantanamo Bay --
Why were these guys water boarded and these guys not water boarded?
Yes, but remember the dynamic of the interview.
What did you think of Guantanamo Bay?
I think it's atrocious.
Why not?
Your style is different than mine.
Entertainment?
Yes.
It's dangerous?
You let this guy spout off that President Obama is a member of the CIA.
Can you say he's not?
Yes!
How do you know that?
Just call it a gut feeling, Jesse.
What do you object to?
I object to the fact that I have metal in my body.
Should nobody be searched?
No, I'm saying only me.
Who would you search?
No, you asked me about my court case.
Why just you?
Because of who I am.
You believe in profiling, basically?
Yeah.
Would you only profile Muslims at airports?
I don't know.
Because you're worried about being inflammatory?
No.
Like what?
You cannot insult me into thinking you're going to get something out of me by calling me a coward.
Have they caught anyone?
Clarify.
For?
With what they're doing at the airports.
How stupid would that be?
Most terrorists do the same thing again and again.
No, you know why we picked 63?
Go on.
Why?
Well, because I don't believe the power structure would allow a rogue like me to get in there.
What are the other barriers to you being president, do you think?
The fact that I -- well, I hate the fund-raising.
What about religion?
Well, I have a problem there too, because I've now admitted I'm an atheist.
Are you going to stay with Jesse Ventura?
No, I'll kill him.
Really?
Yes.
When?
I don't know yet.
Soon?
But the day's coming.
So the death of Jesse comes in a year?
Possibly.
Gone?
Gone.
All over?
All over.
Do you think it was a mistake to get rid of Paula?
Certainly.
What makes this different to "Idol"?
It's -- you know, it's difficult to say until you actually make the show.
Why is this a different show?
You can be 12.
Is that going to be a key weapon do you think in your ratings and so on "X Factor America"?
Well, you're quite.
So you can see who are the real performers, right?
Well, look, where they start is where you want them to end up.
Why did you take this huge gamble?
OWELL: Because I made, you know, a lot of money.
When did you get bored being -- what was a highly paid performing monkey in the end?
Yes.
Can we?
I'm sorry, you don't have any control.
Is it?
You're a monkey.
It's a gamble, isn't it?
It has to be a gamble.
Has any part of you contemplated the unthinkable?
Always.
Would you accept that?
Well, thank you.
What was it like for you that moment, honestly, when you realized that was it, you were walking away from the show that had made you a global superstar?
I got really emotional, I mean genuinely.
Any tears that night?
I kind of welled up a bit, yes.
Did you think it was a mistake to get rid of Paula?
Certainly.
ORGAN: What do you think of Steven Tyler and J. Lo?
Good.
Does that make you laugh?
Hilarious.
What?
I can't imagine it.
Is it fame, power, or money?
Well, I can tell you now.
Should we go back to the fame and power?
Yes.
Yes, but you wouldn't do it for nothing, would you?
No.
Really?
Yes, for sure.
What advice did your parents give you then?
They were really -- you know, honest to god, they were just cool about it.
If that wasn't the worst time in your life, what was?
When my dad died was the worst time in my life, as you know.
What's the problem?
It's really like Colin Firth and the (INAUDIBLE) and the fountain in "Bridget Jones."
Fighting, you know?
Exactly.
What was that day like for you when you look back on it?
I can't lie.
What was the best advice he gave you?
Best advice.
She is probably the only woman I know who actually has any kind of control over you, isn't she?
We fight.
What was it about?
Honestly, I can't remember, Piers, but I'm now 12 years old, I'm not going to say sorry.
You're quite a mommy's boy, aren't you?
Well, not exactly, no.
When you're in England, you have Sunday lunch with her almost every Sunday, don't you?
Well, she comes up to me.
Is it going to happen to us?
I hope not.
Is it the -- is the intense attention now from the Internet, from TMZ, from -- has the game changed for celebrities?
I was -- I was talking to a friend of mine last year where we had this conversation where everything got a bit bleak last year.
Didn't you get offered some huge six figure sum by a guy in a restaurant in L.A. once?
Yes, he offered me I think it was 150,000 grand to criticize him bonking his wife.
Why wouldn't you do that?
Because -- no.
If you're watching, I'll even do it for 50,000 dollars, OK?
And was it going to be that night.
The what?
-- the boudoir.
Do you think you're a bit of a sex god?
A sex god -- boudoir.
What is happening to you?
Let's take the boy out of the tabloids.
A sex god?
I just wondered do you look in the mirror sometimes and think, "Whoa"--
No seriously?
Hmm.
Do you care that it's shallow?
I like it.
Where are you getting your language from today?
I'm on CNN now.
Are you going to the royal wedding?
I haven't been invited.
Why is that?
I have no idea.
What do you think of William and Kate?
I don't know William.
I can't believe in America they're going crazy for it, aren't they?
Yes, well you think -- I -- I can remember those awful shots as the two of them, you know, on -- on -- on the funeral.
Are you a monarchist?
Yes.
Do you believe in the institution of monarchy, unelected?
I -- I -- I do -- certainly for our own country I do, because I think it -- it's just something which -- which makes us unique.
I mean, do you sing?
No.
Do you dance?
Not well.
Do you do impressions?
Badly.
Can you act?
No.
Can you do trapeze acts?
Yes.
Juggling?
Managed that a few times.
Fire eating?
At times.
-- what would you declare as your talent, if you had to?
Well, I wouldn't.
ORGAN: Or paying of death, what would you say you -- was your talent?
I'm good at spotting somebody else's talent.
Apart from that, what is the -- what is the tangible talent?
That's it.
Yes, but if you had to?
Oh, no.
If you had to produce your own talent, do you have a secret one we don't know about?
High diving.
He's cool, right?
He's this high.
What do you make of him?
I think he's -- I think he's really talented, really musical.
And how old are you, Susan?
I am 47.
What are you going to sing tonight?
I'm going to sing "I Dreamed A Dream" from "Les Miserables."
And we both thought this was a preposterous moment where this little old lady from -- or middle aged lady from Scotland was just going to come on and be a complete train wreck, didn't we?
I know.
Wasn't it amazing?
Yes.
I mean, how can that be a bad thing?
Elton John gave you a bit of a whack the other day.
What did he say?
He said -- similar kind of thing.
Why do they say bad things about me?
We're going to come back after another short break.
But I've gone a little bit further this time, Piers?
Go on.
Really?
Yes.
Five million?
Five million.
That's your show as well?
No, I know.
Do you think you're going to get the same kind of success in America?
I don't think that shows in general have produced enough global stars, if I'm being honest with you.
And what about a host?
We're looking.
I was wondering if you've chosen one yet?
Yes, Piers.
Have you?
I've got an idea.
Really?
Yes.
So be -- it's going to be two people?
Yes.
Are they American?
Yes.
Two American -- man, woman?
I think so.
Have you thought about it?
Well, I think I'm good at it, Piers.
How can they join in the X-Factor party in America?
Well -- well, we start in Los Angeles at the Sports Arena.
These are without the judges, right?
These are without the judges.
Are you nervous?
Yes.
Do you really?
Not really.
Eva, how are you?
I'm good.
How are you?
Lovely to have you in my studio.
What do you mean?
Occupation.
What do you call yourself?
Actor is on there.
That excites me?
Yes.
Really?
I mean like when you're older you have a better appreciation for history or for knowledge.
What are you -- what are you actually studying?
Chicano studies and political science.
ORGAN: What is Chicano studies?
Chicano studies is the study mostly of the Mexican- American movement that has happened in the United States, and the history of Mexican-Americans.
Can I?
Yes.
You can be an honorary Chicano?
You can be an honorary Chicano.
Really?
Yes.
What do I have to do?
Well, you have to help us in the fight for social justice and believe in equality for everyone.
How important are your roots to you?
Pretty important.
You had to learn Spanish?
Yes.
Do you speak French?
I speak a bit of French.
Immigration?
When I came here, I couldn't believe the hot issue it really is.
How would you fix things?
Well, that's a loaded question.
Do you think he has lived up to expectations?
I think he had a lot on his plate.
It's heartbreaking to see kids having to do this in modern ages, isn't it?
The great thing about this documentary is that -- actually we produced it so it can be used as a political tool to change the way agricultural workers are treated in the United States.
ORGAN: You're quite an activist, aren't you?
Yes.
Yes?
I shouldn't be, but I am.
How do you deal with that as someone who's got in your own family?
Yes.
How is she doing?
She's doing amazing.
To have somebody in your life who none of that means anything to at all and who's not impressed by any of that because why would she be?
Yes.
It makes it very natural for you, doesn't it?
She's very grounding.
Don't you find that a bit unsettling when you go home?
Yes.
No entourage?
Yes.
What's the matter with you?
I'm really not a complainer.
Do we say slouch, lay back, think of England?
I'm going to go sit in your lap.
Why do you think I put you in an uncomfortable chair?
Right.
Aren't you?
Yes.
What's the attraction of Twitter?
You know it's funny because Demi Moore and Ashton were, like, you know, the really pioneers of getting everybody on Twitter.
Are you a drunk tweeter?
No, not drunk tweeting.
It's more to do with putting stuff out there where you -- why did I do that?
No.
Like if you choose to make your life so private?
Yes.
Because it's so easy now to become a celebrity?
No, because I mean -- really I don't really care.
You're look like a mini Oprah, aren't you?
Yes.
What's the Eva Longoria brand?
Well, I think similar to Oprah.
Are you tough enough to be a mogul, do you think?
Yes.
Are you not to be messed with?
I am not to be messed with.
I mean seriously, could you ever go out with a man with a soft handshake?
Never.
Who?
I'm not going to name them now.
Who taught you direct eye contact and firm handshake?
Probably my family.
They're all strong women, aren't they?
And they're all strong.
What do they make -- what do they make of what's happened to you?
They're proud.
Are they -- do they quite believe it?
Well, I was always different.
Do I like being famous?
Yes.
Or does it make no difference?
Absolutely.
Did you imagine you would be married for life?
Yes.
But did you really believe this was the guy, this was the one for you for life?
Oh, yes.
What?
It all came out.
The marriage?
Yes.
Do you feel humiliated?
A bit, yes.
What more could a guy want, frankly?
Well, you know, like I said, we just -- you want different things.
Is there any way back as far as you're concerned, if a man behaves that way towards you?
I don't know.
What are you hearing?
I just got a joint statement, I should tell you, from the Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and House Speaker John Boehner.
But this is more what about social issues, about these riders that the Republicans are asking for?
Social and economic issues.
What issues in particular?
Let's just give you the two biggies.
What are the issues that they're most apart on?
We started talking about some of the policy issues that aren't so much related to the big fight, which of course is spending and spending cuts.
Why should I get excited by your cookbook?
I love to cook.
Yes, oh, it's called guac, is it?
Well, guacamole.
Now are these your little signature things?
These are my signature things.
Now the interview starts, huh?
I love margaritas.
But this is all quite simple food, isn't it?
It's all very simple and, you know, I'm not a chef.
Do you think there's someone watching this who can't cook, like me, if they read this book?
If you can read, you can cook.
Why?
You know, the people you reach.
Oh, God, what are you going to say?
Sex.
Did she tell you that?
She told me that.
On air?
No, it wasn't on air, no.
None?
ONGORIA: Good for Gwyn.
Is that true?
I am.
When you see the Oscars on TV, do you think -- do you start practicing the speech that may never happen?
No, I don't.
Do you like politics?
I actually love --
Can you imagine?
Yes.
What about Oprah-Eva ticket?
I know.
What's been the moment you'd relive tomorrow if you had the chance?
You know, people ask me this all the time.
Any movies?
Well, yes, I just did -- finished a film called "Cristiada" with Andy Garcia.
When's it out?
In the fall.
Let's finish our margaritas, shall we?
OK, we shall.
What is the very latest, Dana?
The very latest, Wolf, is I'm actually standing here, John Boehner, the House Speaker's office is back there, one of his top lieutenants just came out and said there is no deal, no deal.
Is that fair?
It could be if he's in the place where he can offer something.
What are you hearing from your sources, Dan?
Well, Wolf, lately, in the last few hours or so, things have been very quiet here.
Either way, no matter what happens, is it fair to say that we will definitely hear from the president of the United States tonight, Dan, before this midnight deadline?
Wolf, the indication we were getting was that the president -- there was a good chance the president would come out and say something tonight.
So, how is that even possible that there could be a shutdown?
Well, that's an excellent point on the last point.
Is the issue right now -- based on everything you know, Congresswoman -- the money, the amount of cuts that are proposed in this budget, or is it some of the social issues like funding for Planned Parenthood?
Well, this isn't anything new, Wolf.
Well, what's the sticking point right now, based on what you know?
Well, again, we don't know because the negotiations are only being handled by John Boehner, the vice president, the president and Harry Reid.
Are you telling me that the speaker isn't consulting with key members, like you, especially given your influence among those who support the Tea Party movement?
The speaker needs to be able to do his negotiations.
Can we assume, Congresswoman, that whatever the speaker of the House, John Boehner, agrees to will be good enough for your vote?
Well, what -- no, what I have said from the beginning is I can't vote for any deal that doesn't defund Obamacare.
So, you're -- are you speaking -- excuse me for interrupting -- but are you speaking, you think, for the vast majority of those Tea Party activists in the House of Representatives?
Of course not.
Do you agree with a lot of conservative Republicans, including Karl Rove, and Mike Huckabee, that there's got to be a deal that averts a government shutdown, otherwise this could be a political disaster for Republicans right now, just as the shutdown back in '95 turned out to be a political disaster for the Republicans then?
I think people all over the country have been telling us fight, keep fighting.
Quick question before I let you go, are you in the Republican presidential contest?
Well, Wolf, we'll make a decision probably sometime early this summer.
How worried wore you about challenging Donald Trump for the party's nomination?
Oh, I'm not worried at all, because, again, I think that the contest is only early on and starting.
How does this sound to you, Trump-Bachmann or Bachmann- Trump, how does that ticket sound to you?
Well, we'll let you know in early June.
What's the latest guidance you're getting about deal or no deal?
Well, I'm getting that everybody understands -- at least the leaders understand that they need to get a deal, that the American public wants a deal.
What's your understanding?
Well, I'm thinking it would be what I would be called a comprehensive deal that would come in more than one part.
This continuing -- this resolution, this budget will continue to fund the health care law, is that right?
LYBURN: Oh, yes.
What about funding for -- what about funding for Planned Parenthood?
Well, remember, Planned Parenthood is a small part of what we call Title X funding.
Has it always been a sensitive issue or is this an unusually -- an unusual moment for Planned Parenthood based on your history right now?
Well, Wolf, I've never seen anything like it.
Is that right?
Well, the way I would put it is we're actually the largest family planning provider in the country.
Is Planned Parenthood -- your critics make this point and they have advertisements that make this point -- the largest abortion provider in the United States?
I -- here's what I do know: we're the largest family planning provider in the United States.
Is it the largest abortion provider, too?
And I think one thing that is really, really -- I haven't counted, you know, what services every health care provider provides in this country.
What are you hearing over there?
Well, I think first we should make clear that operations in Afghanistan aren't going to be affected, because they're funded by a part of the budget kind of immune to this shutdown.
In terms of morale, in terms of fighting spirit, are you getting any indication at all that this debate that's under way in Washington is impacting the ability of the U.S. military to do their jobs on the battlefield?
It's very early days.
You don't have a whole lot of money in the bank, do you?
That's correct.
How much money, if I may ask, do you have in the bank?
Right now, I just put my husband's truck up for sale.
You would be in deep trouble if that paycheck stopped even for a week?
Even for a week, yes, sir.
So how scared are you right now?
I'm very frightened.
Have you had a chance to talk at all about this with your son?
My son knows a little bit about what's going on.
David, what do you think about that?
Look, I'm disgusted with both sides.
Do you agree, Ashwin, that from time to time, and probably right now, the fighting men and women of the United States, the U.S. military personnel are merely some sort of poker chips, if you will, being used by both political parties?
Well, I hope that's not true.
How do you feel about that?
I'm one of those people that are outraged by it.
Is that what you're hearing?
I don't know.
Is this a significant split or is it overblown?
No, I don't think there's a split.
You believe, based on the experience that you as a Republican leader had in '95 during the last government shutdown -- you want a deal right now, under any circumstances, is that right?
No, that's not right at all.
What's a deal breaker for you?
Well, the fact of the matter is we have a Congress -- and today I work with grassroots activists known as the Tea Party movement.
Are you going to vote for this deal tonight?
I don't know what the deal is, Wolf.
Is that what you're saying, congressman?
What I'm saying is I'll consider reasonable proposals.
Robert Redford, how are you?
Well, so far, so good.
EDFORD: Oh, you like that?
Well, I made her do that.
Do you get hundreds, thousands, possibly in your case, millions of people telling you how they've changed their lives because you've had their lives altered?
That's a good question.
Really?
No.
Even with "All the President's Men"?
Well, I'm wrong.
You think?
Yes.
I guess OK with your wife, huh?
And I think it worked out pretty well.
I heard that you don't watch your own movies?
Well, not all of them, no.
When was that?
-- that it was a good movie.
When did you watch it?
Three years ago.
You first saw "The Sting" three years ago?
I saw it with my family three years ago.
What did you think?
For my mind -- it was a good movie.
Have you seen "Butch Cassidy"?
I did see "Butch Cassidy."
Ready?
No, we'll jump.
-- what goes through your mind?
When I --
When you watch these films decades later?
Well, seeing that of course reminds me of my good friend Paul.
Do you have a favorite Redford movie?
I think the -- yes.
How good of a shot are you?
I'm a good shot.
You (INAUDIBLE) shots?
I love -- I love -- I had a gun -- they gave me a gun two weeks before the film and I would strap on a holster and as you walk on, just drawing whenever I could because I want to be able to not have them speed up the camera so it was fun.
But if you were able to, which -- other than "Butch Cassidy" which parts of your film career would you most like people to focus on?
Well, I've enjoyed a lot of the films that I've made.
"Ordinary People"?
"Ordinary People" because that was the first directing job.
What kind of man was he?
He had a very short attention span.
CAVOY: Where is his (INAUDIBLE)?
I don't know.
Did you see a parallel between actions taken by the Bush administration, for example, after 9/11, and what you saw in your movie?
I don't think it was exclusive.
That it mattered to you?
Yes, I think -- it's a twofold.
How was it for you to immerse yourself in the American civil war like this?
It was quite -- I suppose it wasn't that difficult of a thing.
What happens then for a young actor?
Well, he's very good.
Did you?
You feel like you should be calling him Sir Robert, but anyway --
Did you call Robert Redford Bob?
Yes, please rewind it.
Can I just say one thing about James?
Yes.
What?
She didn't need to because I wanted her -- I wanted James and Robin Wright off the bat.
Robin?
I didn't read the script.
You never read the script?
I read it after I met with you.
Your power knows -- it just has no bounds, is it?
You don't mind if I'm not here for -- (LAUGHTER)
I mean do you believe looking what happened in your movie, that what's going on now with Guantanamo is fundamentally wrong, that it's unjust?
Well, I wouldn't -- I mean the parallel is there --
Well, you played a Dick Cheney role, don't you really?
Or Rumsfeld or a combination thereof.
Bob party?
Bob party.
And how would you view a country ran by Sarah Palin?
I wouldn't -- I wouldn't even view it.
What's your take on America?
Awesome.
And do you admire that?
I do.
And your question is?
I don't know what the question is, this is a developing patent that I'm concerned about.
Could you?
Yes.
When you see what's going on in Guantanamo Bay, for example, what do you think?
Well, that's a big question.
and I think that given the premise of your movie, Robert, I mean, do you share that discomfort that your president right now has allowed Guantanamo to continue, when he said that he'd shut it down?
EDFORD: In terms of the Guantanamo issue, I'm going to now be political and tell you, I don't -- I'm not comfortable because of the film.
Was he wrong?
It's a true story.
What do you look for in a great actor or actress?
It starts with craft.
Where do I sign?
It was where do I sign, actually.
Really?
Yeah.
When you work with a cast as talented and varied as this?
Oh, wow, I'm just very humbled by everyone sitting at this table right now, and just honored to be a part of it.
Include this part of the table?
Especially you.
Did you ever imagine when you were young, you would call Robert Redford Bob?
No, no.
Have you ever had anything in your life where you had to make a decision of that kind of magnitude?
Fortunately, no.
Not bearding off, but on the humor level, I mean, is he as mischievous as I would hope he'd be on a movie set?
CAVOY: He is.
Was it good fun to make this film?
I think I have about 60 new crow's feet thanks to the -- we laughed so much.
Why am I just finding that out now?
Oh, that was the dream man.
What movies have you done, Bob?
Somehow it's gone out of my mind.
That was you, wasn't it?
Yeah.
Tom?
I like al of them.
Ellen?
Well, I'm going to have to say "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid."
That you wrote?
Yeah.
You want to sing it?
No.
Bended knee?
Maybe later.
You must be ready for one, aren't you?
Yeah, I am.
Have you got one in the pipeline?
Yes.
-- clues?
No.
Any co-stars?
No.
Does she start all the sequel rumors?
I think she has all the rights.
Evan, what are you up to next?
I actually just finished another political film called "The Ides of March."
Clooney or Redford?
Oh, don't make me choose.
Tom, what are you up to?
Don't know.
Not sure yet?
I'm not sure yet.
-- quintet?
There is a Ulysses S. Grant role that's coming up, which is quite good.
And isn't there a movie with Judi Dench?
Oh, yeah.
When is that coming out?
Don't know.
Kevin, what are you going to be up to next?
I've shot a film that some -- with Lawrence Kasdan directing, with Diane Keaton and Diane Wiest, a wonderful cast.
Comedy?
Yes.
Robin, next project?
Still shooting "Girl With the Dragon Tattoo."
And any truth you're never going to work with McAvoy again?
We thought there would be a sequel to "the Conspirator."
James, what's in the pipeline for you?
I'm going to do a film called "Welcome to the Punch" in London.
What do you think of Donald Trump banging on about this every day at the moment?
Well, I think it's a shame.
He is, isn't he?
Yes, he is.
Can you still do that?
I can.
Really?
Yes, well, he's made it so family is very important to him and to Michelle and --
The one that no one's allowed to touch?
No.
Is that what you can't do anymore?
Yes, I think --
What do you think of that?
I think it's unfortunate.
What do you think of Donald Trump banging on about this every day at the moment?
Well, I think it's a shame.
What's he always been like to you as a brother?
Very big brotherly.
Did he?
Of course.
Did you listen to him or not?
You know, I did, eventually.
Go on, you could do better here?
Well, I would say that he needs to be more cheerful when he loses to me in Scrabble.
What was it like when he actually got in?
Well, I wept profusely as you might imagine, but I also -- our grandmother had just passed away.
What would she have made, do you think, of him as president?
Both of our, you know, our motherly elders, both our mom and our grandma would have been tremendously proud.
Is anybody prepared?
I don't think anybody can be fully prepared.
Would you be happy as a sister to see him run again?
OETORO-NG: That's -- you know, that's an interesting question.
But when it gets very personal, do you feel that anger boiling up as his sister?
He knew that there would be things that might upset me and he reminded me before he elected to run for president not to get too riled up and not to take it too personally.
When you get together for Christmas, I mean who does the cooking and stuff?
You know --
It's not a bad excuse, is it?
It's not a bad excuse.
What is the message you'd like your daughters to take from this book, do you think?
There are sort of three messages.
Are you hoping to outdo him with this one?
I can't possibly.
Fighting the good fight?
I hope -- you know, I hope so.
You're ready to go?
But I'm ready to go.
Is he going to win?
Yes.
You like to win, don't you?
I -- he needs to win.
Or is it just a relentless challenge?
I think he -- I think he really does enjoy seeing a problem and being able to fix it.
This would seem to suggest that the economy, which was the central plank of that argument, is in a right old mess, isn't it?
Well, yes.
What percentage of the problem that America now finds itself in economically is down to the Republican administration of the previous eight years, would you say?
Well, last year, Piers, they took in at the federal government level a little over $2 trillion in revenue and they spent $3.7 trillion.
Why?
Well, first of all, when he was a United States senator and he faced this issue as a sitting senator, he said that raising the debt ceiling was a sign of flawed leadership.
What's your view of that?
Well, I think there's -- and that sentiment, of course, is very raw and it's very real as I travel across the country.
Would you like to see an element of those bonuses being plowed back into the general economy?
Well, I don't think it's government's job to micromanage salaries in the private sector nor do I support tax increases, and my record is pretty clear on that.
I mean, did you not feel slightly unsavory when that was done?
No, I didn't.
Did you ever imagine in your wildest nightmares that you'd see a poll of potential Republican candidates which had you at two percent and Donald Trump at 19 percent?
Well, I'm just -- for me just getting known, Piers.
Do you think it may come down to the hair, do you, governor?
Yeah, I could have the big flop or the mullet.
Do you sense that happening, that there is this vacuum?
You're talking to somebody who is the governor of the state that elected Jesse Ventura as governor and Al Franken as senator.
Do you believe that President Obama was born in Hawaii?
I do, Piers.
In a hypothetical scenario, governor, if someone like Donald Trump was to emerge as the Republican nominee, and asked you to be vice president, would you accept that honor?
I'm running for president.
Can we take that as an official announcement?
Well, I have an exploratory committee up and running.
Is that fair?
Well, I think, Piers, they've been working hard to deal with a very difficult situation.
Not just in Japan, but perhaps to America and to the wider world?
Well, I want to be clear, Piers.
Do you see fundamental changes as a result of what we've seen in Japan?
Well, we have really a two-pronged approach that we're going to use to take a look at that very question.
But should we be getting quite critical now of the level of information coming out of the Japanese authorities?
Well, Piers, we have a team of experts that is in Tokyo, that is interfacing very closely with experts from the Japanese government and experts from the industry and utility in Japan.
Is it 100 percent certain that there is going to be no risk here to Americans, for example, on the coastline here?
Yeah, we have strong confidence that there really is no likelihood of any kind of significant impact to the United States or any Hawaii or Alaska or any of the territories of the United States.
How do you deal with this kind of leak?
Well, right now, the focus is on making sure that the reactors stay cool and that the spent fuel pools can be put in a safe, stable configuration.
Are you 100 percent satisfied that America is prepared for that kind of eventuality, or even a bigger earthquake and tsunami?
We think the plants in this country are safe and they continue to operate safely.
Good morning, Katie, I think it is for you, isn't it?
Almost.
Do we have any indication of who's made the wedding dress yet?
Well, the name on everyone's list is still Sara Boson (ph) from the queen.
What about the guest list for what the going to be the wedding of the millennium?
The guest list is fascinating.
And the world media and the world itself will be watching what I think is going to be a quite extraordinary and hopefully uplifting event, isn't it?
I think it's going to be fantastic.
I don't think you two have ever been together for a primetime interview, have you?
No, actually, we haven't.
How long have you been together?
Eight years.
Do you know -- do you feel like you're having the last laugh for all those who mocked it?
Well, I feel like anyone who is sort of engaging themselves in tabloid press as fact will -- you know you'll always have the last laugh.
How do you make it work?
Well, one, I think you have to make your relationship a priority.
Is he -- is he romantic?
I would say so.
Or is he ruggedly you know?
No, he's very --
Tucked you over his shoulder and wheel you home for dinner?
I think he's a little bit -- I think he's a little bit of both.
Really?
Yes.
What's your favorite Post-It note?
Wow, my favorite.
You are a little old softie, aren't you?
Yes.
Are you happy with how he's gone on?
Yes, I am.
When you first got into this, did you ever imagine it would become a primary new source in that way?
No.
What are the rules?
The rules -- the phone goes down at dinner.
But isn't it slightly perverse?
It is slightly perverse.
How big of a factor was it that you've got three young girls yourself and you could look at them and perhaps see them transplanted into this hideous world?
Well, the average age of entry into the sex trade is 13 years old, and that's globally.
Why was that, do you think?
Well, I think that there's -- I think that there's a subsect of what we're looking at it and it's sort of dangerously bleeds over into something that people are very accustomed to.
Prostitution?
Right.
What do you think about that conundrum?
That's why we're using social media for this campaign, is to actually go right into the heart of where it's taking place.
And so was he deceitful in the kind of person that he described himself as?
He lied to me about his age.
I mean is this a familiar story of how these things start?
No, what she's describing is -- I mean the stories do start to take on a very similar kind of framework with the pimp.
And what did he put you through?
Well, at first he told me, you know, I'll take you shopping and I will give you anything that you want and I'll take you out of the life that you're in.
What was going on?
At first it was just him, and then when I had escaped to get home, I had to call somebody.
And how old were you then?
I was around 14, 15.
Finally, what would you say to other girls who find themselves in the same kind of situation?
I would tell them to go to an adult that is trustworthy, and that would listen to them, and that they're worthwhile waiting on, and they have a lot of people that do care about them, and that is there for them.
You know, this a multi-faceted form of abuse, isn't it?
And then the abuse continues.
How do those girls without the help of organizations like yourselves ever get out of that cycle?
Yeah.
How much money is the U.S. government spending on, say, policing drugs compared to sex slavery?
Great question, Piers.
If you were in charge of policy in this area, what is the key thing that should be done?
Well, first, look, the reason why we've initiated this campaign is we have to create awareness.
I mean, could you be in this for 30 years?
Probably longer,
What are you up to now movie-wise?
I just finished a movie called "New Year's Eve."
Has that taken over in priorities for both of you?
Yes, I --
Wow, where do we go from here?
I don't know, but I'm hoping somewhere nice.
What gave you the idea for this?
Well, it's actually very, very -- well, the idea came to me last week, actually, about a week ago, that I should -- that I should, perhaps, kind of express my happiness at this marriage in a way publicly.
Although, I don't know Charles, you know?
Yes, I met Charles a few times.
George, I mean, have you had any contact with the palace in relation this song that you've done?
Only through a mutual friend who gave me -- I gave him the name of the song that I was going to sing and asked him at least to run it by them.
You know, if they're genuinely happy for these two people, which I think a lot of people are, you know?
George, obviously, the whole world will be watching this wedding in a couple weeks.
What do you think it means for Britain and indeed for the royal family to have such global attention?
I think -- I think it -- well, there are two things about this wedding.
What about you?
No.
What do you think she would have made of Kate, who obviously she never got a chance to meet?
Oh, I think she probably would have thought there was no woman good enough for her son, probably like most women.
But I think she probably would have loved her, wouldn't she?
Yes, I think so.
She seems a very sweet girl, doesn't she?
Yes, I think she seems very sweet.
I mean, what kind of message would you give to them on the big day when it comes up?
Oh, I think they should -- I don't think they need any advice from me.
Wow, where do we go from here?
I don't know, but I'm hoping somewhere nice.
Oh, I do?
Yes, because you're the one who put the "sex" in "Sex in the City."
How similar are you?
Well, we look similar.
In what way?
Well, I'm sort of a serial monogamist.
Are you?
Yes, I am.
So, how have you managed to be monogamous in an era when it's so unfashionable?
Well, I think that I fall in love.
You are intimidating to men, just purely from this character, aren't you?
Well, I --
And how are you finding British men?
Interesting.
So, if there are any single, good-looking guys, what kind of age range would you prefer?
Well, I'm -- I like men around my age.
Samantha would never do that, would she?
No, no, no, no.
You've written books about sex, haven't you?
Well, I've written two books, one with -- for couples about sex, and it was about communication more than anything else.
Excuse me?
You always have guests coming in.
What have you learned about marriage and sex and relationships over the years, do you think?
Well, I think it's -- it's not as easy as it looks.
Do you feel that you've had to compromise in your private life?
I felt that -- I did compromise a lot at the beginning.
Do you remain romantic about marriage?
Yes, I do, to an extent.
Do you regret that?
Some ways.
Is never a good time?
I got 20 bucks.
How do you put on the weight?
Fantastic.
Eat donuts?
You can eat whatever the hell you want and you can have as much of it.
How many seconds did it take you to lose the weight once the movie finished?
As I said to a friend of mine, it was heaven putting it on.
Do you like being in your 50s?
I love it.
Why?
Because I know who I am.
Who are you?
I am -- I'm Kim.
Who is Kim?
I think she's a woman in her 50s who's had a terrific, terrific career and has been, you know, very fulfilled in that and has been courageous and strong and lonely sometimes and crazy sometimes and very insecure and also very confident.
Has that led to moments when you felt -- has it been occasionally -- you hinted at it -- being lonely, being the real woman behind Samantha?
Can be, yes.
So he was in the navy?
Yes.
And he wasn't a hero?
I don't think so.
Would you like to?
To me, again, it's script driven.
Are you all still mates or do you all hate each other?
I don't know where this comes from.
If I can interview in five years time, what would you like to have happened to you in the next five years?
I would very much like to continue the road that I'm on, which is, you know, playing parts.
Where would you like to be in five years?
ATTRALL: I'd definitely like to be in a relationship and -- with someone who gets what I do and is, you know, supportive and behind what I've always been doing, which is following my heart's desire, which is to work as an actor.
Have you based your final decision on a suggestion that came that way?
Well, no, to be perfect -- to be totally truthful, which I tend to like to be, I had this idea initially, but I thought that one, maybe they wouldn't like the idea, so I wanted something else as I =-- because I hadn't recorded anything yet.
Is it a particular pressure that only the kids of famous people understand?
That's a completely different level.
For her, who has just come into this family, just like Diana, huge pressure, isn't it?
Oh, amazing.
You really can't wait, aren't you?
Yes.
How are you?
I'm good.
Really?
No.
You've never been ashamed about anything you've ever done?
No.
Isn't it?
I don't think so.
You mean publicly or privately?
I don't -- well, let's go private.
Why?
Well, because I was young and dumb.
But if you are 40 -- are you about that age?
Don't flatter me, Whoopi.
May I ask?
I just turned 46, but I'll take the first guess.
Do you ever fear death yourself?
Well, I think I must, you know.
You are afraid of flying, aren't you?
Well, I don't like it.
Was there something that sparked it?
Yes.
You saw it?
Yes, we saw it.
Why is it so hard?
Well, because what they discovered later on is that the people on the plane were aware that they were in some danger, but I think the person who was in the smaller plane had had a heart attack.
You had a course, didn't you?
I had a course from the folks at virgin.
Really?
Yes.
Do you have other things that you're worried about?
No.
What foods?
Well, I don't like anything that has a weird consistency.
Cream corn?
I don't understand the point.
You're allergic to cream corn?
No, I'm not allergic.
You're allergic to milk?
Yes.
Really?
Yes.
You can't drink milk and you can't eat cream corn?
No, no.
How do you know that?
Because that's what it's called.
Why do you hate a cream corn?
I'm not and I want to be clear, I love corn.
What, spinach?
Please, no.
What?
I hate spinach.
You hate spinach?
Again, I appreciate the people who grow it and people --
What are we left with?
Well --
You just live off fries?
No, no, no, I mean potato chips from the bag.
Can you eat meat?
I do eat some meat.
You're really quite weird, aren't you?
Yes.
Isn't it great?
Cream corn is going to kill you.
Do you think you were in love with all your husbands?
No.
Any of them?
No, I don't think so.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
It's an amazing thing to say, isn't it?
But it's the truth.
You won't -- you have church weddings?
No.
Why did you do it if you weren't in love with them?
Because I wanted to feel normal.
How my times have you been in love?
Once.
Who with?
A man.
Can I chuck a name in?
You could chuck a name.
Is that the man I'm talking about?
Yes.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Would we know who the person is?
No.
Is this a recent thing?
No, no, no.
You wish you'd married that person?
No.
Why?
Because what I know now is I don't want to live with -- I don't want to live with anyone.
Didn't you like being in love?
OLDBERG: I don't know if I did.
Do you think that guy knows he's the only man you've ever loved?
Yes, yes.
You still talk to him?
Yes, we talk all the time.
Why?
I don't know.
Are you -- are you on the dating scene?
No.
Could you imagine?
Not really.
Do you get lonely?
I don't think so.
Are you disappointed that President Obama, who I know you're a massive fan of and supported, hasn't really done that much for gay marriage?
Well, you know, I'm not surprised by it because, you know, very few presidents can go on and make the change they want to make.
Do you think we're getting there perhaps?
Well, listen, we didn't tip over the edge, in spite of the fact that, you know, everybody is saying, oh, he hasn't done anything.
Right?
Right.
You were raised well by intelligent people for the most part, both of us, and that we know how to say to someone, would this bother you if I did that?
Going to take a little break now you're nicely fired up.
What do you say to that?
OK.
Do you actually -- are you friends with the other co- stars of "The View"?
Yes.
Or are they co-workers that you have to get on with?
No, no, no.
Often you looked like you haven't got the patience when you're out there with them?
Not with them.
Don't you find Charlie Sheen's thing fascinating?
No.
Really?
No.
Old torpedo winning duh thing?
No.
You had a problem with drugs, didn't you?
Yes.
Whatever you want to do?
No, you know what, these are such personal issues.
Isn't it true that when you won your Oscar, you were actually high as a kite?
No.
Have you ever?
No, God no.
Really?
Yes.
You've become really quite squeaky clean, haven't you?
I still smoke cigarettes.
That I've gone after?
You've gone after, yes.
What do you want to say?
OLDBERG: I say that's (EXPLETIVE DELETED).
Really?
Yes.
Is that ridiculous?
Yes, I do.
Am I done?
I didn't mean in a bad way.
Did you ever think you'd be on TV every day giving opinion?
No, no, no, I never did.
When you hear Donald Trump go after Barack Obama for where he was born, what do you think about it?
It makes me really, really angry.
ORGAN: Do you think a lot of people will believe it anyway?
Yes, they do.
Is that the danger of that kind of politics?
Well, you know, it's not just the politics, you know.
How do you think you would have fared as a young celebrity when you first hit the big-time if the Internet had been around?
Oh, my gosh.
Well, oh, yes?
I think you'd be surprised.
Who have I slapped around?
Well, you know, if a politician is behaving in your view wrongly or if a right-wing cable host, someone like a Bill O'Reilly or Glenn Beck, whack, whack, whack.
You're not defending him?
No.
Why not?
Because Michael Phelps is an Olympian athlete.
Or do you think that the drink loosens tongues, perhaps?
I think that drunks say whatever comes into their head.
Do you ever get drunk?
Yes.
Once?
Yes, once.
You've been drunk once in your life?
Once in my life, and I was in public.
Where was it?
In New Orleans.
How drunk were you?
Very drunk.
You don't think he has any responsibility as a role model?
He's not smoking weed out in the street.
Really?
Yes, man.
So, no famous people should ever consider themselves to be role models?
People -- famous people should consider themselves whatever they want to consider themselves.
If you're a celebrity, and a few friends of yours have done this, if they sell their wedding for $1 million, are they entitled to privacy?
I don't know.
What did you want to say?
Well, I wanted to say for those of you out there who disagree with me in terms of being a role model, save your e-mails.
Are you going to be there for two more years?
Yes, as far as I know.
Do you love it so much you want to carry on, or is there a natural shelf life to this thing?
I don't know.
Really?
Yes.
Seriously?
Yes.
For the next 20 years you'd do that?
I could do that.
Did you?
I'm not telling you.
Why not?
You should have asked me.
A camel to -- OK, can we just talk about that, a camel to the oasis?
You can't take a camel to an oasis and then you say, you can't have a drink.
ORGAN: What's on the horizon for you?
Oh, you know, I've got musicals opening.
That's about white supremacists?
Yes.
Is America more racist or less racist than, say, 20 years ago from your experience?
Well, I don't know.
Why?
Because it just feels like questions to me.
When you question this president, the first president we've ever had of color and you're not sure where he was born and it continues, is that about -- what is that about, really?
In Donald Trump's defense, I know him quite well, I don't think he's a racist at all.
Or Bill Clinton?
I suspect it's about votes, because his poll ratings, the more he hammers this point -- it's probably an anti-Obama vote catching mechanism.
Ever thought what heaven might be like when you get up there?
I just assume it's going to be good times with the family, people that you didn't get to meet because they were gone.
Do you believe in an after life?
Yeah.
Do you pray a lot?
Probably.
Probably?
Yeah.
Well, no, I mean, it depends -- how do you describe praying?
I suppose --
Going to church and stuff?
Not necessarily going to church, but talking to an entity that is not physically there and asking for help.
Do you do that kind of thing?
OLDBERG: No, no.
What's your idea of prayer?
I could use some backup.
Do you go to any church?
No, no.
At all?
Very rarely.
And it can't be the birth of my kid?
No.
Or my grand kids?
No.
How about winning an Oscar?
That was very, very nice.
Do you know who Moms Mabley was?
I don't.
When does it open?
OLDBERG: April 20th.
What's it been like for you since that dreadful incident?
It's very hard, but we get up every morning, through people's prayers, their support, the people that love us, our friends and our family, and people all across the world, who send us their prayers, that allows us to get up every single morning and do what we have to do to go to school and go to work and just one step at a time.
Are they too young, really, to understand what happened?
River is too young to understand.
How did you find out that he'd been killed?
Actually, Wyatt was scheduled to come home the morning of April 21st.
I mean do you have to live with the risk every day when you're married to somebody that does this kind of job, or do you kind of think it's never going to happen to you?
Of course.
What did he say to you?
He never actually said something directly to me.
That there was a problem, that there was a clear danger?
That would be Jason.
Why was that?
Well, to my knowledge, it was deemed the well from hell because there was so many problems on it.
What has happened in terms of your legal actions with both BP and Transocean who controlled the rig?
Transocean has filed a lawsuit against me and my children, forcing us to go to the lawyers in New Orleans and be apart of the multidistrict litigation.
Did you say that Transocean is suing you?
Yes, sir, they filed a lawsuit against me and my children and the rest of the people that were killed to limit their liability, to limit what they're responsible for.
Why on earth would Transocean be able to file any kind of lawsuit against widows like Shelley in this position?
Piers, Transocean picked up on a 150-year-old outdated technicality in the law where they could file a limitation proceeding, saying we're going to take you widows and you victims, you hurt people, to a court of our choosing and limit you, your recovery, to the value of our rig at the time that it sunk.
Why do you think they're just not prepared to settle and look after you all?
Well, you know, Mr. Steve Newman, the CEO of Transocean, sat in my living room and told me not to worry, that we would be taken care of.
To bring things to a conclusion that you feel is fair?
At this point, I'm just excited that he's willing to listen to me.
Courtney, did you want to say something?
I was just going to add that I'm hoping that we can come to an agreement that both parties will be OK with and because, you know, Transocean and BP both have -- their public relations department has been just terrible, if you ask me.
Why not?
Well, you'll have to ask BP what they said and why they said it.
Why have these widows not have their money?
They just filed with me in the last few weeks.
Why can't you just take a slug of that cash and give it to them and say, you know something, this is deserving for you to be able to rebuild your lives?
I have every intention of doing that.
How many claims have you so far denied?
Oh, my goodness.
Aren't they the very people that you ought to be helping, not basically throwing to the wolves?
I agree with you again.
How do you feel -- how do you feel about Transocean awarding executives bonuses after this incident?
You know, that's not -- I've got enough problems of my own without worrying about Transocean.
Can you offer them any kind of comfort the other way, that there isn't going to be another explosion and more problems to their livelihoods?
Piers, I can't do more than what I can do.
And they are crying out for cash, aren't they?
They are.
Was that the most sensible thing to do in the middle of all this?
Let me tell you.
And isn't there a kind of moral compulsion on your part to look at this in a fairer way and say, OK, you know, we clearly see that the pattern of trading amongst many of these fishermen, who were making very little sums of fun, but were wiped out by this, doesn't involve the paper trail that we would need normally, but we are going to override that and just give them some help anyway?
Yes.
Why don't you try putting the heart before the head on this one?
EINBERG: I'll listen to what you have to say.
Are many being denied money they should be getting?
You know, we continue to the see what we think are significant problems in the claims process.
How do you respond to that?
Yes, those are just part of disaster rhetoric.
Philippe, how bad an environmental disaster was this, now that we have had time to properly assess it?
Well, Piers, the extent of the environmental damage is now just becoming apparent.
What is your gut feeling about this?
Well, Piers, I think the future is unknown.
How many people do you think are not getting the money they ought to get?
Every single person who doesn't get made whole from this is too many.
Have you got any big scandals that you got up your sleeve for the next election campaign?
We're constantly working at least a half a dozen or so investigations at both the Senate and the House.
Which would you take?
Much bigger than that.
Do you think so?
Yes.
You think that's your lifelong contribution?
I think it's a great contribution.
I said, my god, what greater compliment could they give me?
Well, OK, let me try and give you a better one because I think it's a fascinating thing when you look at your career.
Here you are, you're super rich, you've had this amazing life, but part for me things, if you had your time again, could you be tempted into a totally different path?
No, no, I don't have any regrets.
But what about for example the recent story of this pastor who came out with these outrageous comments -- mind you, outrageous because he made (INAUDIBLE) -- about wanting his right to burn the Quran and he then burns the Quran and as a result of that absolutely inevitably a lot of people get killed in Afghanistan?
Well, you pay a price for everything.
That there should never be any limits?
I don't think you put any limits.
How do you feel about being an American right now?
I feel good about being an American.
Did you have any sense as a big businessman this was going to happen?
I think I did see it coming.
What would you say to that?
Well, I think morality is sometimes too subjective to define.
I mean, where do your morals lie?
Hey, I put on my clothes the same way everybody else does every day.
What's your view, say, of sexual infidelity, for example?
Hey, look, I'm the first guy to defend the philandering president.
That's big problems for you?
That's big trouble.
You think people should leave him alone?
I think it's a tragedy the way the media exploited him.
You're a bipolar yourself, right?
Yes.
What is the sign for you that says he is?
Well, you know, the first sign is that you become euphoric, you know, about everything you do.
When did you first think that?
Well, probably when I first started out.
Is there a lot of hypocrisy talked about the adult entertainment business, do you think?
Well, hypocrisy is terrible throughout our society.
It's just the hypocrisy we're going after, you know?
What you see, must (INAUDIBLE) to you.
I mean, if you had a daughter that wanted to become a porn star, what would you have said to her?
That would be her business but we --
Is that always the case, Larry?
Most of the time.
Isn't it up to you -- don't you have a slight moral responsibility to protect the more vulnerable girls who get hooked on this stuff?
We do.
Or are a classic repressed teenager before?
Right.
Really?
Yes.
Really?
Yes.
I mean are you still as energized as you used to be, Larry?
Yes, but got a few limitations on me.
Who do you think has probably been more successful over the years, you or Hugh Hefner?
Wow.
Hefner is in his 80s now, you know?
Think he's losing it.
What have you found from your study of president's sex lives?
First of all, when I said I was going to do this book, I reached out to my friend David Icenbach with -- from the university because he's a history professor.
What were the most shocking discoveries, would you say?
Well, one thing that nobody knows, the youngest first lady was 19.
Who was the most sexually promiscuous president, would you say?
It does (INAUDIBLE) between Warren Harding and John Kennedy.
To you go along with that?
That's probably true.
I mean, if you look at someone like Bill Clinton, for example, he's one of the most popular presidents ever, and yet he was a pretty naughty boy, wasn't he?
Yes, but see --
Are you still investigating the sex lives of Republicans?
Every year, we're running an ad in the "Washington Post" that cost $85,000 to try to get as much dirt as we can on him.
What makes you so confident that the Republicans that you're going to be exposing are any better or worse than Democratic rivals?
Well, we will expose anybody.
Have you got any big scandals that you've got up your sleeve for the next election campaign?
We're constantly working at least half a dozen or so investigation at both the Senate and the House.
So they'd all be Republicans, would they?
I -- most of them are Republican.
Well, what -- for arguments sake -- if you've got a story about President Obama, a sex scandal about him, would you feel it was right to publish that, given the obvious damage that would do to the country, and its reputation?
I wouldn't want to, but I would.
You would?
Because it would be very hypocritical of me not to.
What do you feel when you look back on what happened to you that day?
I don't look at it.
Do you feel bitter about it?
LYNT: I don't look at who shot me -- whoever it was shot me.
It was an inter-racial photo shoot?
Yes.
Has it affected you in your spirit do you think?
People always ask, "What's it like being in that wheelchair?"
Really?
I don't spend my life dwelling on anything I can't do nothing about.
How would you like to be remembered?
As someone who fought to expand the parameters of free speech in a very good way.
How do you see where you've got to?
I look at the redemption as being able to tell my story, to find my voice and try to make a change in the lives of others, and hopefully inspire them to come forward too.
And this went on for how long?
Till the age of 18.
And how often was this happening?
It varied.
Where was your mother in all this?
They divorced when I was 12 years old.
Did you have even a tiny inkling about what might be happening?
Well, we didn't meet until our junior year.
You only found out about the abuse after Stacey finally shot her father?
Correct.
Did you intend to kill him then?
No.
What happens then?
The gun was downstairs.
And you shot him?
And I shot him.
He does what -- how does he react?
He didn't realize he has been shot.
So what did you do?
I shot him a second time.
In the head this time?
I didn't know where it was.
You were told not to by your legal team?
No, it's not that I wasn't allowed to.
You're how old now, 18, 19?
I was 18 when I committed the crime and I was 20 when I finally went to trial.
And that moment when they say life with no parole, what are you thinking then?
When they came back with guilty in the first degree, I knew that it would be life without parole.
Some people were claiming you killed him for his money?
Yes, yes.
Tom, let me just ask you, when this all comes out and the trial comes out, at what point does Stacey tell you about the abuse?
Well, unfortunately when all this came out, I had already enlisted in the Navy.
What was it like, prison for you, knowing perhaps there was never going to be any way out?
I always had hope, because I felt like when I went to trial, I made the right choice.
What happened?
We filed a petition for clemency, not a pardon, not asking for full-out --
You've never disputed killing your father?
Never.
And he believed you?
Yes, he did.
Do you blame her for what happened?
No, I do not.
What should they do?
Find your voice, tell.
Your life is extraordinary, isn't it?
I think so.
But that's the best way, isn't it?
URNETT: Of course.
She didn't really mean it in the most flattering way, didn't she?
No, no.
What is it?
Well, right now it's the writing.
How do you feel about being described as a living legend?
Old.
You know?
Lifetime achievement.
How important was it for you to lead a sort of healthy, active life given that you came from two parents who were both alcoholics, weren't they?
Yes.
Did that sort of send you the message right, I was not going to abuse myself that way?
No, I never made up my mind -- I never said that to myself, I just wasn't that interested in, you know -- and I always felt there was something that was going to happen.
Is that what it was?
Yes.
Really?
We didn't have the money.
And without that, it would never have happened?
Well, not -- you know, I don't know what would've happened, but that was when I was bitten by the theatrical bug at UCLA.
But this was a guy who hired you and a group to come perform, right?
Perform at a black-tie dinner party.
And he didn't want you to ever say who he was?
Correct.
And you never have, right?
No.
And you did all those things, didn't you?
Yes.
But you've met up with this guy, didn't you?
Yes.
Do you think if you live a dream properly and you have this game plan luck comes your way?
You have to be ready.
You really don't think so?
URNETT: No, I don't.
Doesn't that create even more competition?
No, we worked very well together.
Rivals and all that?
No, no, no.
And when you -- when you met him, he had eight children already?
Yes.
And you then had three more children?
Yes.
So it's now eleven?
Yes.
And why didn't it work out, the marriage, do you think, when you look back on it?
Well, I think towards the end, I -- it's really too personal, but we also parted as friends.
ORGAN: He's 20 years younger than you, yes?
Yes.
It's not bad, is it?
Not bad at all.
What have you learned about who you need to be around?
That's an interesting question.
Is that an integral part of your life?
Absolutely.
I mean as you get older, do you get more selfish?
I don't have any boring friends.
They're too emotionally needy?
Yes.
The drama queens?
Exactly.
But you've learned the power of saying no?
Yes.
And is there something you have to learn with time, do you think?
Yes.
Do you feel real love from them or not?
I -- yes, I felt love from them.
Did she really?
URNETT: Yes.
Well, that's just great, isn't it?
Love it.
Why should it always be the older guy with a younger woman?
Exactly, exactly.
But when you look back, you've never felt that fame itself has had any kind of corrosive impact on your life?
No, no.
That wasn't like it in your day, was it?
URNETT: No, also I'm not -- I don't think even if I were around today and this was my time to be on television, I don't think I would be pursued as much.
Can you relate to that?
Yes, I do.
What was the trick, you think?
The trick was I got her into rehab before she was going to turn 18.
Is it harder when you've got somebody like Charlie who's 50 now?
That's harder.
It's not supposed to be that way, is it?
No, it's not.
Or do you live with it every day?
I live with it every day.
Did you feel that, devastating though it was that she died in her late 30s, that actually because of the way she turned her life around in her teens, you kind of got possibly 20 more years than you may have done, had she continued down the early route?
Totally.
Did you change your outlook on life?
I think I have the same outlook I had before.
And how are you finding that?
I'm doing OK.
What kind of book is it?
I don't want to say yet.
They didn't really want to do it?
They didn't want to do it and they didn't think we'd run past even a half a season.
This was going to be big?
When they renewed us.
Was it controlled chaos?
Yes, it was.
Did he have it done?
No, he said his wife's sister has a weak chin and he wanted to know what I went through.
Your weak bladder cost you possibly another three hours of Marlon Brando?
I think so.
Was that fun for you?
Oh yes.
Who were the greatest stars of them all?
That's --
Are you really?
Yes.
How is her voice these days?
It's pretty good, actually.
Did you?
Oh, yeah.
I mean, what is not to love?
They've both quite rugged chaps.
But have you always tried to surround yourself with funny people too?
I don't try to, but I'm lucky to have them around.
Is it a particular genius, that, to be a great gag merchant?
Oh, I think.
I want you to tell me, what's the moment you would relive if you had the chance?
URNETT: I think it was probably when I lost out on a show that I was auditioning for.
Can you still do it?
I'll try.
Is that in the pipeline?
Yes.
Mom, you're not wearing my clothes, are you?
No.
Did you see a little you sprouting here?
Her personality, yes.
They said, well, whatever you see on TV with Sharon and Kelly and the others, underpinning it all, underpinning all the kind of caricature stuff that you have on the telly, actually you're very dedicated, determined family people, aren't you?
Yes.
Really?
Yes.
Is it particularly important in somewhere like America and Hollywood in particular to be tough?
God, you have to be.
Superstar?
Yes.
That wasn't the restaurant that Sean Penn and Scarlet Johansson were in, was it, by any chance?
You're such an ass.
Was it that loud?
It was that loud.
Now talking of fighting losing battles, have either of you been invited to the royal wedding?
Get out of here.
All Brits want to go to the royal wedding, don't they?
No.
Wouldn't you like to go?
No.
Yes, but have you met the Prince William?
Yes.
What did you think of him?
He's a lovely young -- a lovely, lovely young guy.
Have I been out with him?
Yes.
No?
No.
Is it a particular pressure that only the kids of very famous people understand?
That's a completely different level I can't even compare myself on because I don't have an entire country looking at me.
For her who just come in to this family, just like Diana, huge pressure, isn't it?
Amazing to have, you know, from now on her life will never be the same again ever in good and bad.
You know Fergie well, don't you?
Yes, I do.
Didn't you and Fergie do a weird thing in a restroom -- in a London restaurant one night?
To (INAUDIBLE).
Did you go down and pretend to be restroom attendants?
Yes, we were showing people into the ladies room.
It's just -- I hope Kate Middleton can deal with it because it's going to be a phenomenal thing for her to have to try and cope with, isn't it?
I have a question.
Why are we talking about this?
No.
Are you going to the wedding?
No.
You support them?
Yes.
Why?
Because my mom has cancer and I'm clearly on drugs and it's horrible.
And you were on drugs?
For sure.
You know what?
She's thinking, going, I was so skinny.
But it would have been easy for them not to have dealt with all that crap that came into their lives without exposure of national television?
Of course.
Was it Kelly that stepped up?
Yes.
Is that when you two really bonded, do you think, in that period?
No, we were already close.
Are you trying to make me cry?
No.
Did you ever think you were going to die, Sharon?
At one point, yes, I did.
When you reach that kind of abyss in your life, what's the reality about what goes through your mind?
Well, the one thing that you don't get is, as they're giving you a blood transfusion, I wish I had spent more time at work.
What were you thinking?
Well, basically I just was looking at my mom and I realized that she wasn't really responsive.
When that happens, it's potentially fatal blow, isn't it?
It was one of the craziest things that I've ever seen in my life.
And what was it like?
It's very weird what happens because when you're badly injured, you get this adrenaline rush.
This is back in England, isn't it?
Yes.
And suddenly it was glamour puss Kelly, you know?
And definitely this show changed me in so many ways.
ORGAN: But if you're honest, when you look at magazines of other women with big asses on the beaches, I mean do you have a little laugh to yourself?
No.
You don't enjoy the gossip?
No, I don't.
Are your lives not perfect, see there?
No one's is.
How much of what I'm looking at is aux natural and how much has been crafted?
You know, Piers.
When you see that, what do you think, the changing face of Sharon Osbourne?
It was worth the money and made me feel good as a woman.
You are have a very glamorous woman for your age, aren't you?
I think I am.
Out of being glamorous?
Yes.
What did you say?
That's you on your show, the CBS show "The Talk."
Really?
It's really inappropriate thing to say.
ORGAN: What do you make of Charlie Sheen?
I think it's sad.
What do you think it is?
I think that he definitely suffers from some form of mania, because -- or -- I hate to use the word mental illness, but I don't think -- I think he's a very smart man.
Is that a template for what Charlie could do if he sorts his life out?
He has got to want it.
What was it for you in the end that stopped you continuing?
That I wanted to die.
What have I got on?
I don't know.
This was ten years ago?
The breast look good.
Well, that's half the thing, isn't it?
Yes.
Is that true?
Yes.
You like her, don't you?
I do.
Did you?
I did so much.
ORGAN: Really?
Very, very beautiful.
Really?
Yes.
Well brought up, you think?
Yes.
I've got to ask you this, how is your love life?
I don't have one.
Really?
Yeah.
Wouldn't you if you were me?
Pretty bad.
Wouldn't you if you were me?
I met the infamous ex over that dinner that time.
And it hurt you very much, didn't it?
Well, it hurts to get cheated on anyway.
That's not a good day, is it?
Couldn't get worse.
Did I?
Is that why it hurt so much.
Were you ever convinced that he was the guy?
No.
No?
No.
What's that?
Tweets and Twitter.
What's going on?
I have no idea.
You have more than me, you see?
I know I do.
So many people are boring on Twitter, aren't they?
Oh, yeah, this is me at the dentist.
What's happened?
Well, I think you just jinxed it, Piers, because unfortunately the weather is set to change and there are predictions we will have a few showers on Friday, but it's April and Britain is known for having April showers.
How does it feeling to you?
I mean it is tangible.
Is this true?
ICHOLL: Yes.
What have we heard about this?
Well, it's true that not everyone wishes the happy couple, you know, a very peaceful day.
What kind of preparations has there been security wise for this event?
Well, obviously there's been a massive security operation in London and good security is invisible security.
How do you feel about that?
I've played them.
Why is this such a huge event do you think?
Well, I think this is Britain at its greatest, at its best.
Did you ever meet Diana?
I did.
And what was she like?
She was really normal.
I mean they're kind of looking around saying, all this countries want to know about our -- you know, our royal wedding and think it's a huge thing?
And America in particular is going crazy.
What do you think of Kate Middleton?
I think Kate -- I've never met her, of course.
Can you even begin to imagine what it's like at the level that Kate Middleton is about to face?
I can't even imagine.
What advice would you give to the royal couple about marriage?
Well, I think --
You've (INAUDIBLE) it out?
I have definitely cracked it.
When you come back to London, what do you feel when you come back and it's all exciting like this and there's this huge event?
I get so proud.
Are you really?
Yes.
The dress?
Well, I don't think she's going to go for the huge big poofy thing that the Emanuels did for Diana.
Jewelry?
I think she will wear some of the Queen's jewelry.
And do what?
Well, have the tiara and something floral in.
Really?
Just delicately.
What do you imagine he might want to say?
EYMOUR: Gosh.
Were you?
I was.
Do you believe in the monarchy?
I believe in the monarchy when it's done properly.
And where will you be on big day?
I'll be right here, right next to you actually.
I mean it will be exciting, won't it?
It's going to be so exciting.
How are you feeling about me being here with Anderson Cooper, Cat Deeley and Richard Quest, the royal wedding A-team?
They are the royal --
You panicking?
No.
And this is almost like our little club here, isn't it?
It is.
Elizabeth, this must bring back so many memories for you, doesn't it?
It really does.
Have you any idea who has designed this dress?
Absolutely no idea.
Is that the kind of feeling you're getting?
Well, I'm sure it's not going to look anything like Diana's dress because that was really such an '80s kind of a look.
But I'm sure there'll be some fashion twists, something unexpected, you know?
Jane was surmising it may be a combination of tiara and flowers.
When you designed Diana's dress -- obviously, it was one of the world's most legendary dresses -- what kind of pressure did you feel as that designer?
Well, David and I at the time, we'd just left college, really, been out about a year.
Why did Diana choose you, do you think?
I think she just liked us.
Was Diana under -- I mean, obviously under huge pressure at the time, but did she show it to you when you were having all the fittings and stuff?
No, she never seemed to be under pressure.
Is that the most pressurized moment for you?
I think it's the whole build-up, actually.
Would you have liked to have made Kate's dress, or is once in a lifetime enough for this kind of thing?
Oh, I think I would have loved to have done it.
I mean, what will happen to the designer of Kate Middleton's dress, do you think?
Well, first of all, you're going to see millions of copies of the dress everywhere.
Do you know how many brides got married in similar dresses to Diana's?
Oh, there must be lots and lots.
Are you excited about the wedding?
I am.
What would she have made of Kate Middleton, do you think?
Oh, I'm sure she would have really liked her.
If it gets snagged on the way out, do you have a spare dress?
MANUEL: Well, I don't know if that happened in the past, but Dave and I decided we would have a back-up and just in case anybody worked out what it was going to look like, we made another dress, different design, and it was hanging there all ready to go.
Really?
And yet nobody has a clue what it is.
What did she say to you when she got a chance to talk to you again?
Well, you know, after we got back to the studio and we were feeling a little bit deflated -- it had been such an amazing day, and it was all quiet.
Did you stay in touch with her over the years?
Well, we did, but then, you know, Dave and I split and we didn't have the business anymore.
Could you sleep the night before?
No.
Did anything go wrong on the day?
Nothing went wrong.
I mean, can you put a figure on what this might be worth to a designer in the modern day now?
Oh, I would imagine, you know, if it's all handled properly, a lot of money.
And if you were a betting woman -- are you a betting woman?
No.
If you were, given all the speculation about all the designers -- you know all these people -- who would you have your money on?
Well, everybody says it's Sarah Burton (ph).
What was it like?
It was absolutely fantastic.
... were they resolutely normal?
Absolutely normal.
Prince William -- what did he like and didn't like as a boy?
Oh, traditional favorites, roast chicken, crispy roast potatoes, sausages and mash, and all the traditional English puddings.
Milk chocolate?
I think probably the milk chocolate ones he enjoyed.
Do you stay in touch with the royal family?
No, not really.
Is that true?
No.
Do you think he'll be cracking the whip with his son, saying, Right, it's got to be healthy organic food?
I'm sure William follows in his footsteps, and I'm sure he's very keen on that.
Is there any evidence he can cook?
When he was younger, when he was a little boy, he enjoyed it.
And did you?
Yes.
What did you teach him?
Oh, some chicken dishes and a couple of sweet things, as well, I think.
Is he that kind of guy?
Possibly.
Is that true?
That's one of the things he enjoys.
Is that his, like, royal signature dish?
It could be.
What was it -- when you were working for the royal family, is it a strange experience compared to a normal job, I mean, or would you get very quickly used to it?
OBB: I think it is.
Can they be normal, the royals?
I think they were as normal as it was possible for them to be.
Did you feel huge pressure when you prepared food?
Initially, I did.
What was it?
The details of it -- it was all such a terrifying experience, I can't remember the details.
Had it all been eaten?
It had.
What kind of lady was she?
She was absolutely incredible.
What did you ask her?
She was wonderful.
Did you ever cook at the palace?
Yes, on a few occasions.
Is it intimidating to be in there and have to prepare meals?
It was, yes, because our environment was very homely and quite intimate, the kitchens we had at Kensington Palace and Highgrove.
What are you doing on Friday?
I'll be at home with my family.
What is The Royal Touch?
Well, I'm working on a book at the moment, which is a food memoir, which is really my journey through the years and my food experiences growing up in South Africa.
Like his lamb, William did?
Yes.
And you can't really go wrong with that, can you?
No, exactly.
And presumably, if she wants to, she can call you for some advice, can she, Kate?
Anytime.
We're celebrating all those British institutions of the moment, aren't we?
But it doesn't get more British than Sir David Frost.
Why is it so important?
Well, I think it is partially because the royal family somehow -- I remember a time of Watergate and so on, some people said and friends of mine in the states said, god, I wish we had the same setup you had, where you have a head of state and a prime minister so that you can get rid of the prime minister without rocking the system.
But as you just said, it can actually be quite useful to have an unelected body that has continuity that can control things when they go a little bit awry politically, isn't it?
Yes, because I mean when Nixon, who actually resigned, it was like the flag who was resigning in a way because the president -- even the discredited president, you know, has that aura about him which here you don't have with prime ministers and the rest.
I mean Tony Blair, 13 year, I think?
Yes.
How would you define duty as it affects a member of the royal family?
A royal duty in a way is slightly more inbred.
And I thought, I'm stuck was a wonderfully modest way of describing becoming the king, you know?
And actually, it kind of encapsulates the reality of being a senior member of the royal family.
What do you think Diana would have make of his choice of bride and of the sense of duty that he's not accepting, really?
Well, I think the duty and so on would be an important thing.
But how do you think Charles has matured from the day that you interviewed him as a teenager there?
I think he's -- he was always pretty deep, but I mean I think he's gotten much deeper.
Do you think he gets an unfairly negative wrap, Prince Charles?
Yes.
So what in a sense you're saying is that there are certain situations, the Houston plan, or that part of it was one of them, where the president can decide that it's in the best interest of the nation or something and do something illegal?
Well, when the president does it, that means that it is not illegal.
By definition?
Exactly.
Your best poker face on?
Poker face, poker face.
And -- but I mean it was exhilarating inside that he'd gone that far because one knew that he'd never said it before, but that he damn well believed it, you know?
Having seen the movie version of your interview, it's one of the best, I would say, movie accounts of a real story I've seen.
How much was it you (INAUDIBLE)?
Well, we needed -- we needed $2 million basically.
You know?
Yes.
I mean, of all the things you've done in your extraordinary career, was that -- does that remain the great high?
Well, I think it was a real landmark, certainly.
When he came out with those words?
A sense of -- a sense of euphoria or a joy, I guess.
Your other personal favorites, the moments you look back on and think, that was amazing?
Well, there are odd lines with some people.
Would you say that?
He's the greatest all around entertainer of all time.
Really?
As a present.
You know?
We're going to have another short break.
Of all the presidents, who was the most impressive?
That's a great question.
If you could choose one to lead the country you were living in, which one would you choose?
George H.W. Bush.
?
Yes.
What do you think of the looming possibility of President Donald Trump?
Well, that's going to be interesting, or President Sarah Palin.
Not much progress, is it?
No, absolutely -- it's incredible why the Concord hasn't prevailed, because usually new discovers that work live on.
Finally, who would you most like to interview in the world that you've never had the chance to interview?
Well, I nearly had an interview with Ariel Sharon.
Really?
Cyrus the Great because he was the first man ever to -- who used power to alleviate and improve the human condition and not make it worse.
What was it like?
Absolutely overwhelmed.
Did you have a warning that she was going to wear one of your dresses?
It's quite extraordinary, but on that particular day, I was on a flight to Moscow for the opening of a Reiss store.
Has business been crazy for that dress or similar dresses since Kate Middleton wore it?
It's been absolutely extraordinary.
One a minute?
For the first few days, it was one a minute, literally.
What was that like for you?
Wow.
How do you think she's doing so far from the style perspective?
There's no question, she has a great sense of style.
What are you seeing so far?
I think she's still developing her style.
Could there be a moment where she steps out and we see you have a heart attack of excitement?
I've got to tell you, I was doing a press week in New York last week.
Do you do wedding dresses?
Not at the moment, but --
Will she be wearing one of her own dresses, do you think?
This is the interesting thing.
Two billion people watching, isn't she going to think, I'm going to wear one of my own?
I don't know if she's known for this type of clothing.
You dressed David Beckham, haven't you?
Yes, I have, absolutely.
What am I wearing?
We're going to do something very traditional, a morning suit.
We'll only see you from here to here, right?
Just go full length.
Katie, what have you heard?
The story today is that bets have been placed that the King George III tiara is the tiara that Kate will step out in.
Why?
It's very famous.
What do you know right now?
First of all, it is pure speculation as to what she will be wearing on the day.
How many tiaras does the queen have to either loan or give?
I don't know the exact numbers, but I would guess it's at least a dozen.
Why would it be, other than the fact that queens have wore them before?
Well, I think the fact that the queen wore it makes it extra special.
You guys actually repaired it, right?
That's right.
It would be kind of fitting if it was a Garrard jewel which was on top of her head, wouldn't it?
would be a great combination, yes.
For you guys, one of the top jewelers in the world, how important is it that someone like Kate Middleton wears your stuff?
Let's go back to the priceless comment.
Are you excited?
Yes.
What are you two talking about?
They do say the --
What's happening?
The countdown really is beginning now.
The bride is on the move to the palace?
I suspect that was quite an emotional journey.
What she's doing with disco balls?
You know, this is expected earlier in the week, that three of the rooms in the palace are going to be transformed into a nightclub.
And if Prince Harry's in charge of the party, it's going to be a big party, right?
It's going to be a big party.
How important is it, do you think, constitutionally that William and Kate stay together?
Well, as it turns out, you can divorce anybody in the royal family and it will be OK, which we've kind of established ever since Henry VIII up through the present day.
It's not as sexy, is it, as a monarch monarchy, where no one can get rid of them?
It's because you're in the star system and you're in the star system.
That it has to be the oldest boy, isn't it?
It's absurd.
What do you think?
I think it's too early to say is the first point I'd make.
What do you feel about the security?
Well, I think it's inevitable with any world event -- and this is a world event now -- security has to be paramount.
What do you think she'll be hoping from this wedding?
I think she'll be hoping that they're happy fundamentally.
What do you think she would have made of all this?
I think she'd have been tremendously proud.
How would she have coped psychologically do you think with William finding a rival love in many ways?
I think it would have been really tough for her, this year in particular.
What was she really like?
She was amusing.
Did you worry about Kate Middleton?
I worry a little but I think Kate has sorted it out.
It's hard to harangue a man who was forced through duty to marry the woman who wasn't really the love of his life, isn't it?
Well, yes, it tells you a lot about his weakness.
ORGAN: As we prepare for the big day, how does it feel for you compared to 1981?
I don't find it as exciting as 1981.
Do you still have any contact with William?
I didn't have contact with William, unlike you.
Oh, is that all?
That's all it is, 300.
For the dinner?
For the dinner, yes.
What will the pressure be like on the chefs for this one?
Well, it will be enormous.
What would you -- what would you come up with?
Well, think you've got to keep your British.
Gulls eggs?
HITE: Gulls eggs.
Are they very rich?
Really rich.
And a pudding?
You got to go for Eton Mess.
What is an Eton Mess?
It's very simple.
What does it mean to you to be British?
It's -- well, one, I have an Italian mother.
What are the values you think -- when we have a royal wedding, when the world looks at us, what are the values that still remain quintessentially British?
I think it brings out the best in people and reminds them of the great country that they've been brought up in and all those values.
I think it's going to be a great day, Friday, isn't it?
Do you know what, not just a great day.
In your pub?
Sitting next to Sharon Osbourne in the rival box.
Oh, you know that?
I know some things.
Are you a romantic man?
I think so, yeah.
So when the big moment comes, when they come out on the balcony and they prepare for what we imagine will be the most viewed kiss in history, will you be feeling a little warm and cuddly inside?
I don't -- I guess if that's the definition of romantic, than maybe I'm not romantic.
You're going to be watching?
I'll be on stage that night.
What time are you on?
Seven thirty.
How are you finding British beer, because we believe it's the best in the world?
It's very good.
You into real ale, into a hand pumped real foaming bitter?
Yes, yes.
Have you spoken to her majesty, the queen, in the build up to the wedding?
Oh yes.
Can I use that word on this show?
You just did.
Do the British royals curtsy to you when they see you?
No, they know I'm trustworthy.
Are you as excited about the wedding, as everybody else seems to be?
No, I'm not, really.
Can I say this on CNN?
I think you can.
Why?
Well, it's been going on and on and on.
What do you think of both William, our future king, and his choice of bride?
She is beautiful.
Would you agree with that?
I think she is .
When Charles married Diana, where were you then?
I was around.
Did you ever things could have panned out differently?
He liked me.
Have you spoken to her majesty, the queen, in the build- up to the weddings?
Oh, yes, she calls me quite a lot.
Have you got a gift for the royal couple?
Yes, I bought them -- I thought of all the gifts that people from other nations will be giving them.
Grill?
Grill.
One of those fat free grills?
A fat free grill.
Did you know that?
I didn't know that.
Are there Scrabble players watching?
I heard speculation that you may have taken the seat that was originally reserved for Sarah, Duchess of York, for Fergie.
Are you fans of theirs?
Look, I am a royalist, viewers.
What advice do you give to the other royals about how to sustain the terrible media pressure you have had to withstand?
Look, they have withstood the media pressure.
Larry King?
Yes.
He's still alive?
He said you could be wife number nine, if you play your cards right.
How do you feel about our future king of England marrying a commoner?
Well, the word commoner doesn't mean much to Australians, and certainly not to Americans.
Would you allow the monarchs to behead people they didn't like, wives, husbands, that kind of thing?
There are some people you and I would be very, very heavy to behead.
And Don, what's the latest?
Hey, the key word here is tonight.
(On camera): When you look around at all this, what do you think, Evelyn?
Whew.
(On camera): How did you get out?
Right there.
It's one of the -- one of the most scary things I would imagine that you could ever be through, isn't it?
It was -- it was very surreal.
I mean I -- when you've seen how many people have died, it's bordering on miraculous that nobody, given where you are on the scale of this destruction did lose their lives, isn't it?
It really is.
Can you tell me what's going on in relation to that?
Yes.
Mr. Fugate, how bad is this and certainly in comparison to tornadoes we've seen in the past?
We are looking at the damage in Mississippi, but particularly Alabama, you have to go back to 1974 to see this bad of a tornado outbreak.
What is the first thing that you do as a FEMA administrator to try and get to the communities that have been most hit here?
Well again, with this type of response, the governor of Alabama and his teams are leaving the response.
Is this a very unusual time that we are experiencing here from your experience?
It's been a very busy spring.
What is the first thing they should be doing?
First thing is to take care of yourself and your family.
Are you expecting more?
There's a slight risk for some more tornadoes and severe weather on the East Coast, but the National Weather Service, their storm prediction center, kind of like the hurricane center for tornadoes, they were putting out forecasts several days ago of a risk of a moderate and then a high risk of tornadoes.
And it's been going great guns, right?
Yes, I think about 200,000 downloads, a little more.
What are you going to say now?
Well, I'm told that at the party --
How would you sum it up?
I think -- well, firstly, you know, as you've mentioned before, you know, two bank holidays back to back with a few days of work in between and glorious sunshine is an incredible thing in England, anyway.
What do you think she would have made of this occasion of William's choice of bride?
I don't think she could have been happier, really.
So I think that Diana would have been really happy that he'd found somebody with a kind of strength of character to be able to deal with the things that she couldn't deal with, you know?
I mean you've had to deal with extraordinary media scrutiny over the years.
What advice would you give them to living in this weird goldfish bowl?
I think always to put the public's affection above the media's need for headlines, I suppose.
Barely put a foot wrong in that time, has she?
I think she has most people's respect in a sense even if they're not royalists, I think she has the respect of -- the fact that she's gone this long, let's be honest.
Why does America go so crazy for royal events like this?
Well, I think, probably because there isn't that much coverage of anything on international television which is really linked strongly to the past.
When we want to get things pumping at Prince Harry's disco, which of all your songs is the one that you would absolutely say is to the banker to get things going?
I'd have say "I'm Your Man" for that.
You think "I'm Your Man"?
"I'm Your Man," I think yes.
Where are you going to watch?
I'm not telling you where, but I am going to a party.
A royal wedding party?
Well, it's kind of -- I'm not sure if it's a royal wedding party or a bunch of people really taking the mick.
What message would you give the happy couple?
I think the one that I put in the card, really.
All those guys on the horses looking immaculate, they're your men, right?
They're the Household Cavalry, they're only a small part of it.
What would you personally be doing tomorrow on the big day?
As command of the Household Cavalry, I oversea the whole of the Household Recovery, all the guys on horses going out on parade.
Do you get nervous or not?
No, you train.
So what will you be thinking about him on the day as one of your own?
It is a huge privilege to have had him in our regiment.
Isn't it?
Absolutely.
You wouldn't argue with him, would you?
After that, I'll be riding two inches higher in the saddle.
We still don't know who made the dress, right?
No.
What are you most excited about tomorrow?
I'm excited about the dress.
You know?
I think the Brits, we do two things better than anybody in the world, in my opinion.
What does it this mean to you as a Brit?
Well, I know the Americans are fascinated with it, because I just came back from Americans and everybody was talking about it.
Why?
Because I think that they are joining the biggest reality show on Earth.
Which one is it?
Well, allegedly, although I don't know, she loves "Love Never Dies."
Do you think we're getting a good one here?
I think we really have.
You wouldn't even know what Twitter is, would you?
No.
It's got something to do with bird song?
But you, Lord Sugar, have become my sworn enemy on Twitter.
Lord?
I have 470,000 or something like that.
What would you thoughts be for the happy couple?
Well, they've got to be happy on the day.
Andrew, what would your wishes for the happy couple be?
I hope that they have real happiness and also bringing humanity to other people, and being able to do their unique situation with a bit of joy, to be able to bring something that really lifts other people out of their own condition.
Lords, your lordships -- what do I call you, your lordships?
It's a gaggle of lords.
Can it ever be relaxing to have dinner with the queen, her majesty, the queen?
Oh, I assure you, she's an amazing lady with great conversation and incredible knowledge.
Any comparisons between what happened there and what's going on?
I think they're about the same size, except for more technology nowadays.
What kind of man is he?
I think he's a great young man and dearly loved by not only the people in the United Kingdom but the world.
Have you met Kate yet?
Yes, we did at one of the occasions.
Is it very intimidating to come into the royal family?
It's not easy.
Is that right?
It's rather extraordinary.
So you're officially Serbian again?
Yes.
Do they have a kind of routine, do you think, that they keep by?
After a few years, you become sort of vaccinated, no doubt about it.
Your name is Morgan Higdin (ph)?
Yes, sir.
Can you tell me your story?
Well, we had been watching the news, so we knew that there was a tornado coming, but we weren't sure where exactly it was going to hit.
Can you see the building?
No, I'm on the other side.
Any kind of warning at all though?
There was.
From start to finish, how long do you think the process took?
I think it was probably over with in 20 seconds.
Piers?
That's all for us tonight.
What a wonderful day to be British, don't you think, Anderson?
It's a good day to be a commoner, too, I think.
Do you think that's going to be the moment or at least one of the key moments?
Two moments, the moment she gets out of the car and reveals the dress, and in that moment, after the fly-by, when the RAF shoots past, and the big kiss happens.
Do people still use that term here?
Yes.
Really?
I don't like it very much.
What do brides worry about?
Don't fall over.
Cat, are you surprised that only -- there's only going to be one ring, that William is not going to wear a ring?
Yes, I was actually.
You do?
I do.
You were saying, you can't beat a man in a uniform, can you?
No.
Is there a tiara?
Yes.
Wilt thou love her, comfort her, honor and keep her in sickness and in health, and forsaking all others, keep thee only unto her so long as ye both shall live?
I will.
Catherine Elizabeth, wilt thou have this man to thy wedded husband, to live together according to God's law in the holy estate of matrimony, wilt thou love him comfort him, honor and keep him, in sickness and in health, and forsaking all other, keep thee only unto him so long as ye both shall live?
I will.
Where were you, when did you hear, and what were you thinking?
I was at home, I was reading a book.
I think that's a dangerous presumption, isn't it?
Very dangerous.
Actually had him face his accusers?
No, I think this worked out about as well as it could work out.
When you walk around New York today, what reaction are you getting?
People are very happy.
How do you think overall history will judge him and America's relationship with him?
I think he's going to be viewed as one of the great monsters of history.
Mr. Blair, when did you hear the news that bin Laden was dead?
I heard it in the very early hours of the morning.
Did you ever think this day would come?
Well, you know, I think I -- when I first thought about it, I was sure it would happen.
Should we be making more effort there now than perhaps we have been in the last few months?
Well, I think the -- the problem is, Piers, that this is an issue all over this region and beyond.
Have you spoken to President Bush since the news of bin Laden's death?
We've been in touch actually together, yes.
Bob Woodward, is this a spectacular triumph for Barack Obama?
It seems to be, because you see his caution.
I mean it's about as good as it gets, isn't it, for a covert operation?
It is.
Did you believe that the death of bin Laden vindicates the policy in relation to Afghanistan?
Probably does not.
I mean if that's the case, should we speed up the withdrawal of troops from Afghanistan and get where the action seems to be?
Well, that's the question in the next couple of months that President Obama is going to face.
And can we apply the pressure so they will do some of the things against the al Qaeda leadership so we don't have to?
Bob Woodward, thank you very much indeed.
Senator, a pretty good day for President Obama, isn't it?
It's a very good day for our country, but it's also a terrific day for the president who made a very gutsy, very tough presidential decision, and it worked out, and I think the country and the world are better off because of it.
What do you think the honest answer is?
Well, the honest answer is that it's very, very difficult.
Now that he has been eliminated and al Qaeda's presence in Afghanistan seems to be massively lower than it was, is this the signal for the end of the war in Afghanistan?
It's a signal for the beginning of a transition, I think.
Senator, tell me exactly what went through your mind the moment you heard that bin Laden had been killed?
Well, I felt pretty good about it.
And then reality sets in because I heard some commentators say this is the end of the war on terror, which struck me as a pretty fatuous thing to say because it clearly isn't, is it?
No, as I said, I believe it's the Saratoga or the Gettysburg.
What's been your reaction to the death of Osama?
Well, this morning I -- it was -- I relived everything; 9/11 came to my mind.
And how difficult has it been for you to be a bin Laden?
IN LADEN: Well, I have not heard that any of the family has renounced their name.
What kind of man was he when you met him?
Very religious man.
Do you think they will be in mourning today, or will there be members that are happy that he's now dead?
My understanding of the Saudi society is that I'm sure they are mourning because for them it's their brother.
Who do you think may have been helping him financially over the last few years, because clearly somebody was?
Well, I think that -- my understanding of the Saudi law, you can not disinherit a person who is a good Muslim.
When you first heard that bin Laden was dead, what was your reaction?
First of all, I was grateful for the resolute that George W. Bush brought for the effort.
How do you see the next few months playing out now that we've actually seen the back of him?
Well, I think I join Andy and probably every American saying it's been a gratifying 24 hours.
Anything yet?
We don't know what's there.
And Nic, given all what you've found out there, I mean is it -- is it credible that no one at any high government level or military level in Pakistan had a clue that bin Laden was in this compound?
You know I think the best clues that we have come from the neighbors.
When you saw the detail of this operation, what were your thoughts?
Well, you know, obviously, I was elated the SEALs, you know, were involved, and at the pointy edge, but also, you know, I look at it and I understand it's a team effort.
I mean do you care either way?
Well, these guys are pros.
But from your point of view, is this the stuff that you train for?
Absolutely.
Would it have bothered you in that situation whether he was armed or not?
It wouldn't have bothered me a bit, Piers.
Why are they special?
Well, just look at the basic training.
What goes through your mind?
Well, you know, as Ryan had mentioned, one of the most important things, is that these guys had been trained time and time again, and so they have built up a level of inoculation to stress, so that they're able to rely on their training in those moments.
Are we ever going to know who they are?
Well, I hope not.
Is that what you would hope would happen?
Well, you know, it's surprising that the numbers have remained relatively stable.
I mean to take out bin Laden and the fact that it was a SEAL team that did this, pretty special day?
It's a very special day.
What is the current situation with regard to those?
Why, I think as we've indicated during the course of the last several days, we're making some consideration of the potential ramifications of the release of any such photos.
I mean one final question with regard to the pictures, have you actually seen them yourself?
I've seen some pictures, yes.
ORGAN: And what do they depict?
I'm not going to get into trying to describe them.
Were you able to actually see any video footage from the scene as it happened?
No, we weren't able to see video footage from the scene.
Do you know if the president had spoken directly to the Navy SEALs involved in this mission yet?
He has not yet, no.
Does he plan to?
I anticipate he will.
What kind of thing would you imagine he'd say?
I think they'll have an opportunity to talk directly to them.
I mean, how can you trust them after this?
Well, it's not a matter of trust, it's a matter of finding common interests and working together with them.
If Pakistan was hunting a terrorist who had killed over 3,000 of their people and they discovered after 10 years that he was residing in a compound right next to an American military base where your senior intelligence people were also working, they'd be entitled to be pretty cheesed off, wouldn't they?
Well, it's kind of a perfect hypothetical, Piers, that I'm going to not -- I'm going to choose to not answer.
And finally, what was your personal reaction the moment you heard that the mission was successful and bin Laden was dead?
My personal reaction was threefold.
I mean I don't doubt for a moment that all those thoughts were in your mind, but I kind of hoped for a slightly more spontaneous one-liner when you heard that he was dead, something along the lines of "got him" or something?
Well, that's exactly what the president said, but that spontaneity is not my strong suit, and spontaneity is not a big characteristic in the situation room.
Would you release them?
This is not a major with me, but I have spoken to people who have seen the pictures.
I mean, it's the same thing, isn't it?
I agree.
And do you believe, if that's the case, that vindicate the case for interrogation methods like waterboarding?
Let me say, first of all, I don't consider it torture.
Would you have been perfectly happy for them to be waterboarded and put through all the other things that you think are perfectly acceptable for the people at, say, Guantanamo Bay?
Two things, one, Navy SEALS are waterboarded as part of their training.
So how effective is it?
ING: No, I've spoken to people on the ground, people who were involved in that.
Why?
We've always considered it torture.
I mean, President Bush insisted that he did it within the law, and that if it hadn't been deemed lawful, he wouldn't have authorized it?
I think it's called plausible deniability, where John Yoo, who wrote the memo, said, look, I'm just a lawyer; I didn't make the decision.
Where is the line drawn as far as you're concerned?
First of all, I think waterboarding is torture.
If it works, should you use it?
I don't think it should be used, but I think we ought to know that we are sacrificing a great deal.
Are you in favor of it, then, or not?
I am not in favor of it, but I understand why many Americans would favor it.
How do you get this kind of information out of implacable enemies who are prepared to dies for their cause, if you're not going to use some form of aggressive interrogation?
If you bought into the last administration's argument that everyone at Guantanamo was the worst of the worst, the kind of people that would chew through the hydraulic lines of the airplane to kill Americans, then maybe waterboarding perhaps would not be considered unacceptable.
What do you do to get that information out of them?
Well, Piers, I agree.
What I want to ask you both very quickly -- let me start with you, colonel, should we publish the picture of a dead Osama bin Laden?
I don't -- as someone mentioned earlier, I don't think there's any debate about the fact that he's dead.
Why?
Well, he's gotten a measure of credit, which he deserves.
What's your gut feeling request?
The flip side of the commander in chief making the decision that he did, and being rightly credited for it, is that that decision was predicated on policies that he reviled.
Can you describe them to me?
OGERS: Well, as a former law enforcement agent, much like the crime scene photo where you would see a victim who had been -- had suffered gunshots to the head.
I mean are they, would you say, similar to the images we've seen of the other victims of the raid?
I think so.
I mean, would you argue personally that they are just from a taste point of view too graphic, too gruesome, to be published?
Yes, I think they're fairly tough to look at.
Look, what's your take on all this?
Well, first of all, on the operation, it was a great tribute to the president's courage that he ordered this operation.
The issue I think is more a question of, would it affect national security and would it put our troop's lives at risk if you inflame the Muslim community by publishing them?
Yes.
So the morality of all this is a little bit skewed, to put it mildly, isn't it?
Yes.
I mean, what kind of reputation did he have by the end amongst the Pakistani community?
Most people here are sick and tired of him and what he's brought to the country.
Why on this occasion would you prefer it not to be?
Well, of course, I'm tempted to say that you know if somebody wants to leak me the photos exclusively, then hey, you know, give me a call at the office.
I mean, would "The New York Times" have published these pictures if they'd been offered to them?
Well, look, I mean, we're in -- we're in the business of getting information out.
What is your reaction to the news that they won't be published?
I think it's a terrible mistake.
What do we really gain by seeing an image of that given we know that's what happened?
Under the First Amendment, that's the wrong question.
Do you agree with him?
I do.
What do you say to that, Nick Kristof?
Well, I mean, I don't really buy that.
In your legal opinion, was it lawful?
If it went down that the way the administration says it went down, it was lawful.
That, in terms of morality, seems a pretty flawed double position, doesn't it?
Well, it's one of many positions where we're just completely hypocritical.
Isn't it the easier thing to just say, you know what, here he is, move on?
Yes, there certainly have been doubts about whether it really was bin Laden who's been killed.
Aren't they entitled to an image to atone for all the terrible images he inflicted on the American people?
We apply a double standard on outrage.
Let me ask Alan Dershowitz one difficult question, which is this, which is, if the military, as we understand, made a plea for these photographs not to be released, because they genuinely feared there would be reprisals against servicemen in Afghanistan and Iraq, is that not a compelling reason alone not to publish them?
No.
What were your feelings when you first heard bin Laden was dead?
I felt happy that the man who bragged and said that he killed my son, like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed did at Guantanamo, bragging that they killed my son and 3,000 other innocent American whose only crime was they went to work -- I felt good about it.
Would it give you any kind of solace?
No, not at all.
Without a picture, are you entirely satisfied that it was bin Laden, that he is dead?
Well, as Jim just said, I'm going to believe the president, take him at his word.
How will you be feeling tomorrow when this very emotional visit takes place?
I think I can speak for so many families that since about 11:00 on Sunday night, it's been quite a wild ride of emotions and exhaustion.
What will your feelings be?
My feelings are I want to extend my internal gratitude to President Obama for having the backbone to make the attack and get bin Laden and take him out, like he promised to us before.
Brandon, when you hear the president talk about the morality of not releasing this picture, of doing the right thing, it's not what America does, what is your take, given you were at Guantanamo watching and witnessing some pretty outrageous stuff being carried out in America's name?
I can understand him not releasing the photo.
But in relation to what you witnessed -- I mean, you saw, I would argue from what I read of your testimony before, flagrant abuses of the Geneva Convention and of justice, didn't you?
Yes.
For everything that you saw, do you think that torture in any guise, whether it's semi-permissible, like waterboarding -- does it ever work, from what you saw?
No.
What was it like for you?
It was an unbelievable day.
I mean, Commissioner, did you get a sense of your men, that these brave firemen feeling any sense of closure or is it not really that kind of emotion?
Well, I don't like to use the word closure.
Yes, I mean, do you think New York firemen would like to see a picture of a dead Osama bin Laden?
I spoke to many firefighters today, and they all feel like I feel, that we go along with the decision of the president.
When you hear that, what is your reaction?
It doesn't surprise me one bit, Piers.
Were you pleased when you heard that bin Laden had been killed?
I'm pleased that he will no longer be around to do any harm to anybody.
What did you think of the decision not to publish the images of a dead bin Laden?
Well, personally, I don't need to see that.
Why would you simply believe what they tell you on this?
I'm vociferous in my skepticism of those who don't tell the truth and who have a track record of not telling the truth.
I mean, when he said, before he was elected, that he would close down Guantanamo Bay, and then he doesn't do that, I mean, that's not entirely being straight with you, is it?
Well, he hasn't done it yet.
But if he was executed, is that lawful or would you have preferred him to have been captured alive and brought back to trial maybe in New York?
Well, I just -- I think that -- and I don't think I'm the only one who feels this way.
What do you think about the fact that bin Laden appears to have been there for up to five years, in this large property right next to Pakistanis' military intelligence?
OORE: Right next door to it.
Would you go further and say that President Obama or his intelligence advisers -- are you suggesting that any of them had knowledge for a considerable period of time?
I would like to know that.
Where?
Would you know --
Well, you don't believe al Qaeda exists in any form?
I think there are a lot of people running around calling themselves al Qaeda.
Do you believe al Qaeda has been dismantled?
Well, I think, listen, actually, the day that al Qaeda was dismantled, personally, frankly, what I think, it was the day that the revolution began in Tunisia.
Are you slightly more critical there?
Well, first of all, he inherited a huge mess.
Not one?
Not one.
But when you see the Donald Trump Birther issue dominating the news agenda, and there was a real prospect of perhaps Donald Trump running for president, what was your reaction to that?
I hope in this coming election year that people remember that -- not just Donald Trump, but a majority of the people who called themselves Republicans said that they didn't believe or they weren't sure that President Obama was an American.
But when he was coming out with stuff about China and OPEC and so on, I actually found myself nodding in agreement, that America has been pretty weak in relation to OPEC and China, hasn't it?
Well, that's a much larger issue than the way that he was just kind of simplifying it.
What is the next cage that you're going to rattle?
Well, I don't talk to my next project while I'm doing it for all the obvious reasons.
Is that correct?
I'm afraid it was a beauty and the beast situation, so the beast has to leave the stage.
How old are you?
Forty-seven.
You're -- you're a year old than me, and you look like this?
Under your suit, I know that you look like that.
Do you look that under your suit?
PhotoShop.
What did you think when you heard?
Well, I literally had a week out.
What was going through your mind having had that odd connection?
Well, I mean, my first response was that these families will maybe have some sort of closure to the extent that anyone can really have closure with the kind of things that families have gone through.
And what's the first thing you did?
Well, I went down to Times Square because I got a -- I just had a sense that people would be gathering and sharing this moment in history.
When you knew that you had been on a plane that had been used as -- as a dry run, how does it make you feel?
Well, I got on that flight.
And what is it?
I think it's an April Fool's joke.
Did you have any memory of these guys being on the plane?
No.
Have you ever been tempted to have a proper run yourself?
Well, you know, I -- you know, I loved politics more as a younger man.
-- you have to be a conservative when you get older, right?
Well, it's funny.
In what way?
I don't know.
So, it wouldn't actually be damaging, would it?
Well, that's true.
Does -- and what of that prospect?
I love -- I helped Trump run.
But, also, he was able to stand back at the end and say, "Well, I forced out the truth," you know?
"Declare a victory, and get off the field."
When you saw Matt say that, did you share a slight disappointment for President Obama or no?
I think it -- I think it's really hard.
Don't you play, boy?
(INAUDIBLE).
I mean, what a problem I'd love to have, Mr. Lowe?
Listen, nobody is going to throw any charity events for me on this subject.
I mean, is it -- is it a double-edged sword being impossibly good looking?
See, by answering that question I implicitly agree with you.
What are you about?
Well, part of me is -- I'm a lot nerdier.
In what way?
-- than you think.
What do you think?
I think I'm amazed that that launched so many people.
I mean, no movie could have ever launched quite as many huge stars as that?
Well, the casting -- the man who cast that movie, whose voice was on the clip we just heard is a man named Fred Ruse, (ph) who cast "Godfather I," "Godfather II," and "Star Wars," and "American Graffiti," and "The Outsiders."
Do you -- do you stay in touch with any of that cast?
I do.
Friends with them?
You know, it's more like the people that you go to college with, and who were in your dorm.
Are there any you would just ring up for a chat?
Yes.
It's quite a barbaric business, isn't it?
Really to get a part of this, you have to get a little damaged.
Really?
And you can almost chart the parallel.
It's fascinating, isn't it?
Yes -- no.
That that's why so many people that go through that kind of thing?
I -- like I said, I really believe that it's so fulfilling to connect with an audience on stage, on -- on screen; however you're doing it.
You didn't actually do that?
I did.
That's what you actually did?
Yes.
And then what happened?
I did a little research, and I came up with a phone number, and I called her at the Pentagon.
You didn't?
I did.
And?
The rest is history.
I mean, not only women who were the hottest dates to be had, you were on a bit of a mission, weren't you, to be like the stud of your generation?
My motto into this day is: go big, or go home.
Do you think everybody has that devil in them basically?
I do.
Right?
You know what, I'm going to agree with you.
Which one would you least rather go through again?
That's the definition of a Sophie's choice.
If I could say to you you've got to go through one of these again, which would you least rather go through again?
Well, I would take the sex tape off the list, because it led me to get sober, which changed my life.
Do you understand why people are obsessed with celebrities doing that kind of thing, or being caught doing that kind of thing?
It's a culture.
Do you look at other people and enjoy their own scandals, downfalls and so on, in the way that others have enjoyed yours over the years?
Once you go through your turn in the barrel, you have a unique perspective on it.
When you see someone like him resolutely refusing to play the traditional game, what do you think?
There's a part of me that admires that, that admires resolutely living his life.
Do you worry about him?
Oh yes, sure.
Do you fear that one day you're going to wake up and something awful will have happened?
You know, I hope not.
Why did you need to do that?
Well, I think I was probably living a life that was not as satisfying as I was pretending it to be.
But when you actually get it, it's not quite what it's cracked up to be?
Also, I think it's probably really satisfying for a while.
Would you try everything once?
No, no.
Where did you draw the line?
I didn't -- this is the '80s.
Was it that good?
A lot of it was.
Do you ever miss it?
If I thought I could go out and do what I used to do and have fun, I would do it in two seconds.
Or was it cathartic?
OWE: It was great.
Tell me about Cheryl, your wife, because she came along just when you need someone like her, didn't she?
Well, when I met her -- I met her and she was my makeup artist on "Bad Influence," a movie that I did, a good movie.
For someone who doesn't know her, what are her qualities that particularly got you?
She saw me unlike any other woman that had been in my orbit for years.
What were you thinking when she did that?
I was -- that I was the biggest loser ever, that I had blown this chance with somebody who truly loved me.
When you see contemporaries, many of them, who fall off the rails and go through wives and women and just never seem to find this kind of contentment, do you feel very, very lucky that you just managed to stumble across somebody that was perfect for you?
I do.
You mean, we haven't been on TV?
Yeah, we were off the air for a couple months, but now we're back.
You knew that, right?
No, I did not (EXPLETIVE DELETED) know that.
How long have I not been (EXPLETIVE DELETED) on television?
Rob, this is good news.
What was the truth?
The truth was -- and I think people who work for big corporations will get this.
Do you ever regret it?
No.
Really?
Absolutely.
The greatest moment of your life?
Listen, I've been blessed.
Which era is when you've been at your happiest?
1999 till now.
The business?
Yeah.
When you saw the video of Osama bin Laden in his lair in that compound, did you think it was a more damaging image than the one of him dead would have been if it had been released?
Well, that's a good question.
If I was a member of al Qaeda, I'd be pretty disappointed that this was my great leader, wouldn't you?
I agree.
Given that it's obviously so valuable, and we're already seeing material coming out which is clearly valuable, would it have been better under that circumstance to have taken bin Laden alive and to have tried to get key information out of him now that we know he was clearly still the figurehead of al Qaeda both in a conventional figurehead sense, but also an operational sense?
Well, I don't think the SEAL team, the special operators, had much choice.
Would you like to see them stop now and say no more about this?
Well, it was pretty clear the White House -- most of all of this information came out of the White House.
And shouldn't you just release this stuff?
Well, I was one of the sponsors of the Freedom of Information Act, and I do believe in as transparency to the extent it's possible.
And would you in light of the successful discovery and killing of bin Laden, albeit belatedly, would you encourage them to do more of this enhanced interrogation given that it appears to have been successful?
Well, first of all, no one was waterboarded at Guantanamo Bay.
Were you as surprised as I was to discover where bin Laden had been hiding all these years?
No.
Now either they are lying about knowing where he was, or they're the most stupid intelligence military in the world, aren't they?
Well, those are questions that ought to be asked.
We don't know, do we?
Well, I do know that they have turned over -- they have captured and turned over a number of terrorists to the United States.
Isn't that objective now achieved certainly in relation to cutting the head of his organization?
Well, we've had very good success in capturing or killing a large number of senior al Qaeda over the years.
When you heard the news last Sunday night -- and I don't know how you heard the news, maybe you can tell me -- that he was dead, did you punch the air?
I received a phone call from a member of my staff who had been alerted by someone in the press.
When you saw what we discovered there, do you believe that his death has made America safer or not?
Well, I think there is no question, Piers, that in the long-term it makes America safer.
How was the day for you?
It was a very intense, very emotional day.
And by doing what he did, Obama removed a key weapon against him by the Republicans that he is weak in foreign policy, didn't he?
Well, he certainly helped himself, and rightly so.
And when are we going to hear what you're going to be doing, Rudy?
I don't know when you are going to hear about me, because I haven't really decided or focused on it yet.
You're not on Twitter, are you, Rudy?
No, no I'm not.
What gave you the signs that they were going to be capable of that kind of outrage?
I first started investigating the group, or what I knew that became the group, during -- just after the first World Trade Center bombing in 1993.
Is that your take on things?
Well, I think it's hugely significant that he is dead.
And who is now going to be in charge?
It's very hard to say who will be in charge now.
What did you make of all this when you heard about it?
Well, I mean, in many ways he is like Gloria Swanson, the actress, looking at old videos -- old film to see how he looked.
Does anybody high level really believe in the White House that Pakistan didn't know anything about bin Laden being right on their doorstep?
Well, the question is who in the Pakistani government.
Do you believe it's been damaged as a result of what happened with bin Laden's death or do you believe that actually it may now going forward strengthen the ties?
I think it has been damaged.
Right, Chunk?
To her very famous friends.
For what?
Well, you know what.
How did you feel about that?
ORGAN: Guilty.
Would you have done that?
I wouldn't have -- I don't know that I would have bumped you for -- no, I don't bump people.
For President Obama?
Yes.
You'd turn down the president for me?
Well, this isn't a real circumstance that you're talking about.
With you?
Where you've been cruelly bounceful (ph).
Of Charlie Sheen?
Yes.
What do you think of the whole crazy Sheen circus?
I think it's a pretty bunch of a hot mess.
ORGAN: You've been of a hot mess?
No.
I got here on time, didn't I?
You did.
And we just thought, you know?
I know it's weird --
Any of that planned for me this evening?
No, I won't touch your genitals.
You haven't read it?
Well, no.
How do you know that?
Well, obviously you grab people's BlackBerries and you just send appalling stuff to all their contacts.
Is it funny?
ANDLER: It is.
What do you write?
Well, like I'll send out, you know, e-mails from people on staff to their friends and family.
Has it damaged you, do you think?
Yes.
Does it make you seek out an audience, looking for some bit of approval?
Yes.
You still do stand-up?
Do -- yes, I do.
Do you remember dying on your back side?
Yes, yes.
What is that like for a stand-up?
The worst feeling in the entire universe is to bomb.
Could you handle that?
No.
Chuy, want to say hi to Norman?
Of course.
Probably not, right?
You look very beautiful.
Well, don't we all, darling?
Well, I don't know.
Do you watch your show?
Occasionally.
Don't you think?
Yes, I do.
Why is she so obnoxious?
Well, she also -- her mother passed away.
Is there a difference between ego and narcissism?
Yes.
What's the difference, do you think?
Well, if you're constantly -- you can care what people think about you, but you shouldn't only be serving yourself.
Who's going to hire him?
Well, he's a great life.
Life doesn't get much better, does it?
No.
What is the -- I presume I can ask you anything, right?
You can.
Much-discussed and speculated on love life?
I don't know.
Who are you currently having sex with?
I don't -- first of all I have to get his name because -- remind me.
It's that good, huh?
No.
(INAUDIBLE)?
That sounds familiar actually.
We all know who I'm dating, what do you want me to talk about?
I'm just surprised --
His underwear?
This woman that tells every shocking detail about her love, sex life and this that, suddenly goes all coy on me.
Do we?
We do.
You've learned about privacy, haven't you?
Well, I've learned to respect somebody else's privacy.
Tell me what was the truth of you and old 50?
We dated.
And what happened?
Nothing -- you know he's a very sweet and nice guy, but obviously -- I was just sampling, kind of the atmosphere and seeing what was out there.
And what was he like to go out with?
He's fun.
He's not what you imagine him to be, isn't he?
Not at all.
Is that true?
Well, I don't really like gifts from rappers in general, since I'm not a hooker, but no.
Is there a semblance of truth there?
I've returned gifts, but I've returned gifts to plenty of people.
How do you feel about being called the male -- the female version of Ryan Seacrest?
He's the female version of Ryan Seacrest.
Ryan Seacrest?
Yes.
What has happened with your contract?
Well, it expires soon.
Is that true?
No, that's how much it costs to rent me for the night.
Well, what are you worth?
I don't know.
What is -- I am ruthless when it comes to business, but was it your worth?
Well, then you know what you're worth.
How?
ANDLER: Why are you -- shut up.
Why are you being so coy again?
Because it's gross.
How would you like to spend this money you don't want to talk about?
I like vacations a lot.
Are you generous?
Yes, I'm very generous.
What's the worst?
I have no patience.
Does that make you naturally mischievous bordering on annoying?
I've crossed the line into annoying several times.
Did you hear when I just said?
Not really.
Vodka?
Yes.
Are you just a compulsive liar?
Wait.
What are kind of girl are you?
I'm -- you know.
I want to hear it from your lips?
I'm a pain in the ass.
But in quite a good way?
I think it's OK.
Really?
Yes.
With who?
Two of the guys -- both of the people I dated.
Is one the current one?
Maybe.
Not yet?
No, no, no.
Who was the other one?
My ex-boyfriend Ted.
Is he?
Yes.
Will you tell him hello for me?
Yes, I will.
Anything you want to say?
No.
Do you think I mince my words?
No, not at all.
Is it wise to dip your pen in company ink?
I don't think it really matters.
Why?
Because it's fun and it gives us something to watch.
How have you resisted getting married?
Well, that's an interesting question as well.
But do you have a little part of you that dreams wistfully of a fairy tale wedding?
I wouldn't say that, no.
Can you believe it?
That's what I'm getting at.
What marriage?
Exactly.
Are you having twins?
No.
You're not pregnant?
No, not that I know of.
Would you like children?
No.
Never going to happen?
I hope not.
Why?
Because I'm not somebody that wants to be a mother.
Why?
Because I think you would be a good mother.
Like a little Chelsea to play with?
No.
Really makes you laugh?
I guess everyone that I work with.
What was your reaction?
I think both.
What's the worst type of guest for you?
People who are so nervous.
If you were doing a more serious thing, what kind of issues really get you going?
Well, I'm interested in politics.
Any politicians that you just can't stand?
ANDLER: Well, Boehner is ridiculous.
Are you a fan of hers?
That's not a serious person.
President Trump?
That's getting interesting.
Is he?
He is way ahead in all the polls
What else do we have to go on?
Well, hopefully our minds, because that would be ridiculous if Donald Trump became president.
Would it be ridiculous?
Yes, it would.
Was that really his fault?
Yeah.
Do you think so?
Well, not entirely.
Would anybody have been governor of California in that financial crisis and not caught a big cold?
No, I think he was very irresponsible.
Did you vote for Obama?
Of course.
Would you again?
Yes, of course.
Well, I think it takes a long time to get things accomplished?
That wasn't really -- that wasn't the question.
Have you met him?
Yes.
What happened?
He asked me where Chewy was actually.
He didn't?
He did.
What does the future hold for Chelsea Handler Incorporated, this burgeoning empire?
OK.
What kind of question is that?
You don't have to be so touchy about it.
Really?
Yes.
Really?
I'm just talking about my feelings.
Where does this empire go next?
I don't know.
Do you want to stay there?
I don't know.
Choose any job in the world?
ANDLER: I'm producing a bunch of TV shows.
What's been the most ridiculous thing you read about yourself?
Oh -- I mean -- well, the easiest thing that people -- people can write about me, because I'm so forthcoming about my life and that I like Belvedere, you know, and that I'm not a stickler for a lot of rules in my personal life or that kind of thing.
Ever do that?
We don't -- no, we don't.
Really?
Yes.
What do you do when you go out together?
ANDLER: We go over to her house, hang out.
She wouldn't be real?
You could have a conversation with her.
If you could relive one moment in your life in five minutes to live, what would it be?
I would say the best moment of my life would be when my "Chelsea Chelsea Bang Bang" book came out last year, and they called to tell me that I was number one on the list --
On "the New York Times" best seller?
On "the New York Times" best seller, but my other two books were number two and three.
Why would you say?
Because I have no business writing books.
Do you both 100 percent believe she's still alive or do you have to believe that?
I don't think that we can say 100 percent.
If she is, will her parents ever find her?
It is wrong to give up on children who are still missing.
Why have you done the book?
Of course my reason for writing it all down is quite different to the reason to publish it as a book.
Gerry, obviously, that is the crux of this, isn't it, for you?
Absolutely.
To be here, years later, and have no idea where she is or what may have happened, it must be excruciating, isn't it?
It certainly was.
I mean, Kate, do you ever have a day where this doesn't consume you?
I don't think it consumes every minute as it did before.
Has that even entered your thought process?
No.
Or do you have to believe that?
I don't think -- I don't think we can say 100 percent.
Is that what you think?
Yes.
In terms of the normal practice, though, when you were with them, would you ever have left them alone in that situation if you'd been at home, for example, back in England?
Definitely not.
Another criticism as put to you is why didn't you just pay to have a nanny if you wanted to go out to dinner?
Yes, I mean, it's not a question of money.
Do you feel that?
Well, obviously, because of what's happened, you know.
What was the exact moment -- let me ask you, Kate -- when you realized Madeleine had gone?
Well, went back to do a check at 10:00 and I went through the patio doors at the back.
And what did you think in that moment?
I thought someone's taken her.
You went down to tell Gerry straight away?
Yes.
What are you thinking?
The first thing that went straight through my head and I think -- it was just disbelief.
Do you know -- is there any evidence how this person came in the room?
I mean no doubt, there are a number of options.
There's nothing they could find to say this is unequivocally how this person came in?
No.
Did that set alarm bells off when she did that?
Well, it's one of those things.
Now given the time that's gone past?
No.
Have there been a number of burglaries there?
Yes.
Do you know all the figures for that?
No, we're not sure.
Do you believe that if enough time and money and resources devoted to this, that there's some stone that's been left unturned in this investigation?
I'm absolutely certain that there are things that could be done based on the information that's available to us.
What was the mood like?
The first police that turned up were what we call G&R police.
Did you think -- did you think, Gerry, from the start that they were suspicious of you?
Certainly.
Has there been anything that if an outside lawyer looked at this, they would say, that doesn't add up?
You have to remember, there were nine people in the party here who didn't expect anything of this kind to happen.
How did you manage to keep your composure?
I think the key thing is -- I mean, as I say, behind the scenes --
Were you offered if you'd -- if you accept that you did this, you can go to prison for two years and be out?
Yes.
Is that true?
It's true.
That must have been a pretty awful experience, wasn't it?
You know, it was a great story for the media.
Are there any that you think have any kind of credibility that you think should be really pushed further?
It's incredibly difficult, Piers, because if you speak to -- here on in the island, the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, who've got the most expertise in these types of stranger or stereotypical kidnappings.
Do you think this could have split up many couples?
I think that's without doubt, really.
I mean, at its worst, what's it been like trying to have a relationship through this?
It's been incredibly difficult.
Did either of you ever get suicidal?
No.
How hard is it for you to see video footage of Madeleine, even now?
I think it's the one medium that really brings her back to me, in particular, seeing her moving and her voice.
What was that like for you, Kate?
Well, at that point, it was just incredibly important.
What did he say to you?
He just very simply took a photograph of Madeleine and placed his palm on it and blessed her.
Has what's happened to you damaged your faith?
It's challenged my faith.
Gerry, do you still keep Madeleine's room as it always was?
.
How have they dealt with it?
Brilliantly.
What do they think happened to Madeleine?
Well, they know that a man has taken her.
How do you deal with a birthday when she's not there?
Well, what we've done the last few -- few years, we have marked the day.
If you're watching this interview and you're keen to try and help you in some way in the search for Madeleine, what is the most effective way that people can do this?
I think it's two things.
And do you know if that would be still there if she's now eight years old?
Certainly believe it wouldn't have changed.
If people see somebody they think could possibly be Madeleine, who should they call?
They should call the police, local police.
Have there been moments when you've been pretty much confident that you may have found her?
Never.
Do you still have any kind of conversation with her?
I do.
Can you sleep OK now?
I can, actually, yeah.
Do you think there's hope, or is it almost like a knife in your back that Madeleine hasn't?
I think, overall, it gives you hope.
If she was, what would you say to her?
I'd say, Madeleine, we're still looking for you and if you get a chance, tell the police who you are.
ORGAN: Kate, what would you -- what would you say, if you had the chance?
I would just say, you know, we love you, Madeleine.
Why don't you like your picture?
Probably because I didn't like the way I looked.
What was it like for you last night when you went on there?
You know I had -- I had a really good time.
Did you feel awkward when that happens?
No.
Do you think -- do you think he got it by the end?
I think he was starting to get it.
Do you think maybe a few more lessons?
I think he was starting -- yes.
What memories does it bring back to you if anything?
You know most of the memories that I have of that time was backstage.
-- part of a famous family?
ONO: No, not at all.
When you can start to remember, what kind of girl were you?
I was -- I mean I guess what you would call a classic tomboy.
Or did you just feel odd?
I felt like it wasn't right for me, but at that point I mean, I didn't know -- I didn't know about, you know, being transgender.
Did that make it more difficult for you?
No, I don't think it really made it -- I think that was kind of incidental.
And you weren't attracted to boys at all?
Never, no.
What was the experience like?
Just kind of bland, really.
To prove to yourself that you'd at least try it?
No, it wasn't -- no.
Does that feel natural or normal to you at the time?
It does, but there's an expectation of the girls that I'm going out with, that I'm supposed to act like a girl, too.
At what point does the confusion you have when you think you're a lesbian start to transform into there's something else here?
Right.
And at what point do you work out what that something else may be?
For me it was a pretty long process, actually.
Nice and flat, huh?
Wow.
You know what?
Yes.
That's correct?
That is correct, yes.
How did she react?
And again, this was over -- we talked about it over time.
Do you think?
No, I think she -- I think when I was really young, she thought I was going to grow up and be gay.
When you walk around, are people supportive to you?
Very.
I mean that's a remarkable sign of our times, isn't it?
It is really.
Does that make you feel good?
It feels great, absolutely.
You didn't have a clue really, did you?
Well, early on in our relationship, he told me -- actually, I was told by a friend of his that he was indeed transgender.
And what was your honest reaction when he said that?
I compartmentalized it and put it away.
I mean -- that's quite something, to compartmentalize it, is it?
It's amazing when I can compartmentalize on that.
The great advantage of having you as his girlfriend is -- I think you're bisexual, right?
Yes, that's correct.
-- right now is, do you?
I find him more attractive as a man.
Really?
Absolutely.
You know?
As it was all unfurling, when it came out of its compartmentalization.
Did you have arguments?
OK, well, there are two components.
What about psychologically?
Well, emotionally we went through a lot of work.
Well, without being too query here, but it's the kind of question I guess most viewers must be thinking, as your sex life been affected adversely or for the good by all this?
For the good.
That's a remarkable thing, isn't it?
Yes.
You know?
It can't always be the case.
Is part of the reason that you feel able to deal with it, Jennifer, that he's happier?
Absolutely.
You know what's going on?
No, not at all.
Is that a patronizing thing to say?
That's a compliment.
Yes?
No, I was always Chaz, with you.
Why was that?
Well, I can't blame it solely on Chaz's transition.
For you, Chaz, when you saw Jennifer fall off the wagon, did it worry you that perhaps the stress of everything that you had put her through was now coming out in alcohol?
Actually, no.
And how are things right now?
Really good.
Are you going to get married now?
Oh, my goodness.
Can we talk about children?
Sure.
People think I'm a -- idiot, you know?
Sometimes, you know.
Did it even hurt?
No, it was good.
Greater love, there's no woman that can do that, right?
That's right.
Do you ever miss the female Chaz?
Not so much any more.
From a technical point of view, are you now a straight guy?
Sure, yeah.
And you can't be a lesbian any more, right?
I'm a bisexual woman.
Do you amuse yourselves when you explain all this to people who just sort of can't get it?
We amused Dave.
What did you think watching that?
I thought it was great.
Have you talked about it?
I would like to.
Are you legally now able to marry as a man and wife?
We are, yes.
And would you choose to do that?
I think that we probably will.
Right?
Right.
Is there a window here that we're talking about?
There's no ultimatum.
Within a year?
Yeah, it really has -- not to make excuses, but we went through a lot.
That will be some wedding, don't you think?
I hope so.
Have you ever always thought you may do that one day?
It's funny because we do differ on our -- how we would like to get married.
So the obvious question is would you like to do that?
Well, Piers, I mean, great timing.
Should we get to a stage within the year-long window that Chaz has now said he will be held to, and we do get to that church and you are asked formally to be the officiator, would you do it?
Wow, you know, I honestly would be deeply honored to do it.
Would it be right to assume that he would have been equally tolerant by this turn of events?
I -- it's so hard to guess how Sonny would have felt about this, you know, any more than anything else, after he's been gone for 13 years.
Is that an unfair thing of me to observe?
I -- You know, this is family.
Do you hope that the publicity surrounding Chaz's story may lead to a more tolerant, dare I say, liberal attitude towards this kind of thing?
I don't want to throw out any political terms and label anybody anything here.
To sum up, love conquers all, right, Chaz?
Absolutely, it does.
We got a deal?
We've got a deal, Piers.
What was going on?
Man, it's more than one incident actually.
Is it one of the downsides of fame, that you were talking about?
It is.
What's your point?
I don't know.
You don't think she meant it?
I think she meant it to a certain extent.
What does she do for a living?
Movie star, actor.
What?
An actor.
You think it was an act?
I think, you know, that whole -- people have to live in that world and --
Are you glad to be out of it?
Oh, man, 100 percent.
They are all pretty fake, is that what you're saying?
It's just pretend.
You thought I was going to hit you?
I did, actually.
And I think it's not just me, it's for anyone, you know?
I mean, you're very honest in the book, and commendably so.
I suppose the over riding question for me when I read it was, if you had your time again, would you do the same thing?
As far as like the infidelity stuff, or --
Would you?
Yes.
Yes, but a proper punch is different, isn't it?
Yes, I think getting punched in the face by my dad was kind of like, whoa.
Why was he so angry do you think?
Well, I think it was probably learned behavior.
Did he ever apologize to you for the hitting?
No.
You think he should?
No.
So, you know?
Your big dream was to be a footballer.
When you think back to what you were doing then, do you recognize the man that you were then, a young man?
Yes.
That they all run a mile (ph)?
Oh, yes, totally.
It's not easy, is it?
Well, I was juvenile.
Tell me how you got into this and realized I can make proper money at this?
Well, I never did it about the money.
Anything else was secondary, you know?
When you then get remarried to a porn star, Janine, who is abusive to you.
So you were drawn to it?
Yes.
And like compared to like something that was chaos, you know, I kind of -- like wow, that's what I need to -- you know, that's the kind of person I need to be with, you know?
When you first get together with Sandra, tell me about the early days.
Where did you meet her?
I met her at the shop.
Was it love at first sight you think?
I think it was for me to a certain extent.
Like a magnet for gossip?
Yes, on a -- I'm like always the guy that like everyone wants to fight.
What were the things that you had in common?
I think, you know, definitely the kids, and our like interests in, you know -- I don't know.
You must have been sure then that this was the one for you?
AMES: I was pretty sure.
Given everything you've been through before, did you worry that although it all seemed so normal and nice and perfect for you, actually your character, your personality doesn't allow that kind of thing?
I don't think I ever had like a devil on my shoulder or something like that.
Why?
Because the problem was with me.
Yes, but I mean, do you hate yourself for doing that?
I think I've forgiven myself for what I've done.
Has she forgiven you?
I think so.
Can it be lonely to be that guy?
I don't know -- well, I think for the -- everything that happens, I'm 100 percent to blame.
Well, what do you think when you hear that back?
Well, it just kind of takes me back to that day.
Did she have any inkling about what had been going on?
I think there were some suspicions, you know, which were right on her part.
How has she been about the book?
I don't know.
You don't talk to her at all?
Nope.
Then it's really nothing?
Nothing.
When was the last time you spoke to her?
Several months ago.
How do you know she's forgiven you?
Well, she told me before that she forgives me.
Do you think she understands you better than perhaps other people do?
I think so.
Your current partner?
I think so.
Why do you think that is?
I think --
Have you changed?
I think so.
If people -- I can be the villain, and she'll always be America's sweetheart, you know?
We're going to take another short break.
At its absolute worst, what were you going through?
Well, I think this stuff is just trying to protect the kids, cause I'm a dad first and foremost.
Do you care now what they think?
I couldn't care less, really.
Is he a Nazi?
Nope.
Have you ever had Nazi sympathies?
No.
Nothing?
No.
Why -- why pose like that?
It was a joke.
You don't collect any Nazi memorabilia?
No.
So you think that some people might -- might put that together with the picture, and get the wrong idea about you?
I -- I think if you wanted to like point to anything and find some kind of like racism or anti-Semitism or anything, if you really looked at it long enough, you could build up whatever scenario you have.
If Sandra is watching this, which she might well be, how would you feel towards her listening to the way that you've talked about her?
Talked about her, or talked about --
What is -- well, Monster what?
Garage we call it in England.
What do you call it?
Garage.
Garage or Garage?
Garage actually sounds posher than I said it.
Is that what you call it?
I think that's the first time I heard it called that.
Are you -- are you allowed to see the child?
I've never -- never saw him.
Since you left?
Yes.
So how long has that been now?
Its been a year.
Have you tried to -- to get access?
Yes.
And its been denied to you?
Yes.
On what grounds?
I don't know if grounds were given.
Do they ask you why they can't see their little brother?
They -- they do.
You know, hey gone, splitting, separation, you know?
The -- the finality of the picture that you're painting suggests that Sandra -- I mean, you -- you may hope that she's forgiven you.
You take pride in that, don't you?
Well, I kind of thought you deserved it, cause I couldn't get --
Really?
Yes, the -- the first one was for punching a customer.
Did you get freebies then?
Yes.
You love your tattoos, don't you?
I -- I like them.
Are -- are you engaged?
Yes.
Are -- are you married, cause you got a wedding ring on?
Well, she got me a ring made, and -- and gave it to me.
When are you planning to get married?
I don't know.
This is number four, right?
Yes.
And you know, she's just awesome, you know?
Do you think you may --
Do you believe you may have found true love?
I think so.
What's your point?
I don't know.
What does she do for a living?
Movie star, actor.
What?
An actor.
You think it was an act?
I -- I think you know, that whole -- that, you know, people that have to live in that world, and -- and --
Are you glad to be out of it?
Man -- 100 percent.
Is that what you're saying?
It's just pretend.
I mean, in the case of Arnold Schwarzenegger, do you think if the electorate had known that he had a love child by his housekeeper he would have ever become governor of California?
Well, I don't know the answer to that.
And were you aware of what transpired from January?
No.
Do you think that Arnold Schwarzenegger would have been able to become governor of California if this story had emerged before the election?
Well, I think -- David Axelrod is right, that clearly Arnold Schwarzenegger didn't think so.
As a traditional sex scandal, should we all just grow up a bit and accept that, you know, people will misbehave sexually and it shouldn't have any effect on their work as politicians or as leaders of banks or whatever it may be?
Well, I think from public figures and politicians we do expect more, particularly because they actually vote on issues of morality and intrusions into people's lives and how people's lives are conducted.
Should it matter politically?
Well, whether it should or it does are two different things.
Why is that a surprise to anybody?
Well, because --
Don't you think?
Yes, of course.
Could we potentially see a movie version of Tiger Woods unfold?
Well, here's the sad part.
What's going on?
Well, you know, if we're looking for moral leadership from our sports figures, from our entertainer, now from our politicians and businessmen, I think we're all looking in the wrong place.
What was your response to that?
Well, I think actually we've seen -- we see more of a divergence right now, that you can get away with it in sports and in entertainment and other places.
Would you take on Dominique Strauss-Khan?
Well, let's separate the two.
Is this fair or is it prejudicial?
I think the only legitimate question for people to really complain about is the perp walk.
And what do you think?
Look, I think that it's probably not necessary.
Can we expect any privacy anymore given the existence of Twitter, social networks, Facebook and so on?
Yes.
How do you see the legal position in relation to this IMF chief going?
I think that the first question is going to be, is he going to get bail.
What do you make of this whole issue?
Well, I think that you -- first of all, these are always stunning developments when you hear them.
Should we?
And -- well, I think they're all human beings, and some -- you know, are flawed, and so, you know, I think that we should -- we should put our faith in them to the degree that we know what their public positions have been, what they've done with their -- but I think it's hard to get to know people.
I mean, in the case of Arnold Schwarzenegger, do you think if the electorate had known that he had a love child by his housekeeper he would ever have become governor of California?
Well, I don't know the answer to that, but I suspect the fact that it didn't become public until after suggests that he didn't necessarily believe that.
When you see this -- you know, almost apocalyptic series of events we've had in the world with the Middle East uprisings, with what happened in Japan, with the killing of Osama bin Laden and so on, have you missed being back in the center of things at the White House, or are you still quietly there on the end of the phone?
Well, you know, look, there's no place like the White House when things are happening.
Is it good or the bad to have -- be seeing more of him?
It's excellent.
I mean in terms of the politics of what's been happening, how significant do you think, particularly the bin Laden incident, may have been for the Obama election campaign that will be coming up to?
You know, Piers, I've been asked that question a lot, and I think it's very -- one thing you're acutely aware of when you're in the White House is that there are going to be a million developments between now and November of 2012.
Watching Lauren go through that seizure?
Going through not just that seizure, but she had multiple, multiple -- dozens of seizures every single day.
It's terrifying for new parents?
Totally terrifying.
Why is that, do you think?
Well, I think a number of reasons.
What are the most effective ways we can try and change this?
Well, I think one thing that we can do is just really -- and one of the things we've been successful at doing is changing the focus of research, which was always about sort of slapping more medications on seizures and hoping that you could just make them sort of subside.
What a moment for you?
We still have no idea why that drug is working.
And do you know how many other people it works on?
It's --
It was for you?
And we need to understand that.
Do you feel, Susan, that you've -- you've lost a life with Lauren, although she's alive and she's doing better than she was, that she's never going to lead the life that you would have hoped for when she was first born as a healthy baby?
Yes.
Does she?
I just have to put it somewhere where I, you know -- I don't deal with it very well, because -- because it will get me pretty emotional.
Susan, how prevalent is epilepsy in America at the moment?
You know, epilepsy affects one to two percent of the population worldwide.
What impact did it have on you financially?
Well, there are all kinds of impacts on the family, Piers.
If they're watching this and they either know people with epilepsy or they just want to help, what is the most effective way they can do this?
Well, they can certainly join some of the events that we're having around the country that are -- are cropping up in places that other family members --
You have a website?
We have a website, cureepilepsy.org.
Has the government been doing enough in terms of providing funding for epilepsy research?
No, I -- well, look, I believe that medical research generally needs more.
Put a little pressure on them?
Yes.
Where would the ticks be and where would the crosses be?
Well, first of all, one of the reasons why we have a trusting relationship is because I reserve those kinds of comments --
Presumably, you will be involved, as you were last time?
Yes.
Is the apparent chaos of the GOP at the moment an encouraging sign for you?
Well, look, you know, 16 months is an eternity in politics.
Are you a betting man?
Not really --
An occasional dabble?
Occasional.
If you were about to put a little bet on it, who would you think may end up, as things stand, with the Republican nomination?
You know, I don't know.
But as -- as things stand, it's looking pretty good for the president, isn't it?
Well --
Been a good few weeks?
Well, I think we take it day by day.
Perfect, huh?
This is PIERS MORGAN TONIGHT.
And anyone see this coming?
No, certainly not.
So what are we to make of all this?
Well, he is an actor.
Where do you see Arnold Schwarzenegger's position here?
Well, Arnold is an interesting case because he does have sort of a larger-than-life persona on the screen.
What are the projects that Arnold Schwarzenegger is currently considering?
Well, there's a couple.
So I think if she continues to not be publicly anti-him then I would imagine his movie career could be perfectly OK, couldn't it?
Yes.
From everything that you're hearing tonight of this offer that's come forward from Strauss-Kahn's attorneys, does it seem to be the kind of deal you would expect to be accepted, that he will be released on bail tomorrow?
Well, I would think so.
Has he been treated any differently to anybody else would be treated in his position if they weren't well known?
No, he's treated equally poor that we treat everybody in our criminal justice system.
But in terms of this guy, his reputation, he has an incredibly powerful job, if you take the presumption of innocent until proven guilty, it's pretty unfair, isn't it?
It's very unfair.
Would you feel confident at this stage of defending this successfully?
No, I would not feel confident.
Edward Black, I mean, when you hear what Alan Dershowitz said there, do you agree with him in terms of the tactics?
Not necessarily.
Alan Dershowitz?
You know, Eliot --
How are you, Piers?
I've been looking forward to this.
You're confident, are you?
Yes.
You think you're going to take me down?
No, not at all.
UGENT: Boy, did they need me there, huh?
And just to describe how you thought went with this British interview, you said they sent this young limey prick who pretended to be my friend.
My point would be -- I mean do you ever accept you might be wrong?
Mrs. Nugent is here.
What was your view of America right now?
My view of America right now is so beautiful I can hardly stand myself.
What don't you like about America?
I don't like about America is what is being celebrated in politics, where instead of being the best that you can be, we seem to be engineering more and more safety nets, which creates, encourages and rewards an uncaring disconnect.
What do you mean safety nets?
Well, safety nets.
Have you?
And I admire --
That doesn't mean to say that they are any less susceptible to being corrupt when it comes to welfare than anybody else, does it?
No, not at all.
Do you regret that?
You know, I do regret it on one level.
Is part of that a guilt thing on your part?
No, not a guilt thing.
Would you bring that up if I'd been clean and sober for 50 years?
Probably, yes.
How's this, Piers, when I graduated -- how old are you?
I'm 46.
And that's -- can I just come about once more to the motivation for why you now do so much stuff?
Because I've learned that freedom is not free and I found that the reason the whole world sucks and America sucks less is because the U.S. Constitution, the Bill of Rights, outlines an experiment where freedom rules the day of individuality and that that can only be secured by crushing those enemies that would take it away.
If you have the time again I suspect now the Ted Nugent you've become, you'd go to Vietnam, wouldn't you?
Damn right I would.
So that would be in your eyes the biggest mistake of your life, do you think?
No, because --
Is there any nobler sacrifice?
There is no nobler sacrifice.
You ready to roll?
You bet.
Did you enjoy that or didn't you?
ORGAN: No, I'm amused by your reaction.
Well, let me put it in official CNN Piers Morgan interview terms, shall I?
Yes.
Why do you guys resist that statistic?
Well, don't say you guys.
If you had your way, there would be 10 times as many firearms, right?
Not true at all.
You want everyone in America to own a gun?
Not at all.
What is your position?
-- and I hope you don't edit this out.
What does Nugent want?
Not even close.
What do you want?
What I want is the Second Amendment.
How could he be allowed to get a gun?
Because he fell through the cracks, and he didn't -- he didn't qualify to get a gun.
How would you fix that?
Well, I would certainly make it a lot harder for people like him to ever get near a firearm.
Were you born in England?
I was born in England.
Are you familiar with Ireland?
I am.
Is Molotov cocktails and C4 explosives -- those legal in Belfast?
They're terrorists.
Are those -- is that -- are those items legal in Belfast?
Well, I don't live in Belfast.
Would you agree drugs then to be freely available?
Not at all.
ORGAN: What's the difference in the argument?
Because drugs are 100 percent about reducing your level of responsibility, getting high, disconnecting, and I'm a cop.
My point about the threat of your argument is you're saying -- there's a difference, isn't there, between -- you're saying guns should be made freely available, right?
No, no, there should be restrictions.
And you don't believe that?
Not only do I -- the FBI doesn't believe it.
Now that you know that, why wouldn't you help me create more safe areas?
We'll have a break.
From what I can read, she's the only one you have any time for in the GOP, right?
No.
Mitt Romney, your thoughts?
A good man.
Did you agree with him about the birther issue?
You know, I agree that we should be able to demand evidence and I, like he and many others, I had not seen the official document.
Have you seen Sarah Palin's?
I have not seen -- but she's not president.
Why aren't you demanding to see hers?
If she runs for president I would.
Have you ever asked to see the birth certificate of any other president or presidential candidate?
No, I haven't.
Why not?
I was never active enough in politics --
Because the question came up whether he -- here's what I would expect, Piers, and I think -- are you an American citizen now?
Not yet.
If you're so determined to get these questions answered, when are you going to start asking where Sarah Palin's birth certificate is?
The minute she -- the minute she runs for president.
You will?
Absolutely.
Were you born here?
Hopelessly, yes.
Newt Gingrich?
Probably the smartest guy out there and when he speaks, he speaks for me.
Would you vote for him?
Right now, yes.
Tim Pawlenty?
A great man.
Why are you such a big fan of Sarah Palin?
Because it's quintessential American politics.
You're quite keen on that?
Yes, I'm keen on that.
Are you homophobic?
Not at all, no.
What's a heterophiliac?
It means I'm hopelessly addicted to women -- woman.
How would you react to that?
UGENT: I'd say, get the gun, let's go kill a dear.
You wouldn't mind morally?
Not at all.
What is a quaint old thing where if there aren't any guns nobody gets shot?
And if there isn't any water, no one will drown.
Why would you ban water?
To stop the drownings.
Piers Morgan, sing this with me, would you?
A fascinating encounter.
Who are the bad guys?
You can blame Greenspan.
What really goes on behind closed doors on Wall Street?
We stand strong, and on the other side we'll eat Goldman's lunch.
Could it happen again?
I don't think anybody realized that we were within a day away from a major international catastrophic economic meltdown.
What's the significance of that if anything?
What jumps out at me are the conditions on this bail, Piers.
Given the charges that he's facing, if he is convicted on all seven of these, what kind of sentence are we looking at?
He could be looking at 25 years behind bars.
What do you make of it, Sue?
To me the most interesting part of this case is what the state court judge is going to allow in.
Doesn't make it right, though, right?
And we have -- well, we have the First Amendment here, and I will defend the First Amendment.
You know, have you heard this rumor?
Yes.
Does it seem a potentially credible one to you?
I don't know.
I mean how is that a defense?
And that's a very dangerous defense because if you have physical evidence that there was some type of a struggle and evidence that she was in the bathroom with him, and she escaped and she was almost at freedom, but was dragged back, you're putting all your eggs in a basket that may be destroyed by the physical evidence of a fight, of blood in the room, and other types of abrasions on this maid.
And won't she be wearing a uniform?
Yes, I mean the whole thing -- at the moment there are too many unanswered questions as -- from where we sit.
Were any of that come when it comes to a divorce settlement now?
Not really.
So does a lot depend on how she reacts now?
Absolutely.
What percentage-wise could he expect to lose if Maria goes for the jugular here?
California is a 50-50 state, but if there's no prenuptial agreement and he was spending money, shuffling money to this lady, that gets figured back in the pot.
This is the L.A. Dodgers owner and his wife, right?
Exactly.
And what would you advise him?
I wouldn't give the story legs.
Shock?
I think it's -- really it is so appalling, and I have to say among women -- not that I speak for all women, but the idea that this woman may have had relations with him in their marital bed, that she lived there, that they may have had babies five days apart, I mean, the shocking aspects just keep on coming.
This is the woman that for 10 years Maria has been going up to and saying, do I look good in these jeans?
Yes.
I mean wouldn't it have been better for him initially when the baby is born to own up to what happened and to be the father to this boy?
Of course.
Because it kind of perfectly encapsulates the mindset of all these guys, doesn't it, on Wall Street?
ORKIN: Right.
Were they woefully villainous?
It's a great question.
Not very intelligent, or he's willfully now pretending he was those things?
I think what you realized about Wall Street is these people are professional traders.
Did you see what happened coming in any way?
Honest answer, I didn't.
Did I think that we were going to see a bank like Lehman Brothers go under, that AIG was going to almost falter?
Right.
Do you think professionally speaking now that was a smart move or not?
It's a personal view.
Wasn't there?
Right.
Didn't they?
Well, it was the riding elephant head in the room.
Why?
Well, I think the hardest part is that this entire financial crisis is a crime unto itself.
Right?
Needed to add some strings.
OK?
The lawyers just want to rack up money.
Or is it President Obama who went -- he sorted the mess, didn't put the regulation in to prevent exactly what's happening?
A lot of people -- a lot of people thought it started way before Bush.
These firms are already in their heads too big to fail, aren't they?
But I have to -- there's one part that we always miss which is part of the culture itself.
How do I and all the people like me who really don't know about this stuff -- how do I know this isn't going to happen again tomorrow or next week or next year?
Great question.
How do we know?
I think the sad answer is it will happen again.
What was the germ for this?
I would say if I had to point to one thing it was probably the financial crisis and the backlash, which is to be expected.
What do you think it is?
Yes.
Why do you think America hit it's big financial crisis?
.
Do you think that?
Well, I'm only 11.
what do you say?
I say, it's complicated.
This is all obviously quite complicated, right, you don't understand all of this do you?
Not all of it.
If you were America's President, what would you do to get America back on its feet, do you think?
Well, what I would do is, I would encourage the businesses to get back on their feet and --
What about regulations?
I'm not a regulation inventor.
Will you characterize it as grotesque?
If I made it without anybody else suffering because of my actions that's perfectly acceptable.
You want to kill each other in the final don't you?
I don't know -- I don't think between want to kill each other, but I want to win.
What did you think you'd be when you were young?
A failure, a total starving (ph) failure.
Did you ever imagine being married to Mary Tyler Moore?
In a different life, different world, it would have worked out very well.
And, Marlee, it's so stressful, isn't it?
(through interpreter): It's extremely stressful.
They're trying to break down you defenses, they're trying to get you emotionally and physically shattered, aren't they?
(through interpreter): And yet it's up to you whether you want to take it that way.
And what were the charities?
(through interpreter): I raised $1,150,000.
John?
I'm just under $800,000 for Saint Jude's Research Hospital, and then another $130,000 for other charities.
There are other reasons, it certainly makes you feel good when you can raise that kind of money, doesn't it?
(through interpreter): Well, exactly, I mean for me, the whole point for me was to do it for charity because I mean, clearly, it is exposure, people want to see what you can do beyond what they expect, what you might do in your career.
Does it give you an advantage that the others heard you speaking in a male voice?
(through interpreter): Perhaps because they see me signing and they know that's it's me talking.
And how embarrassed does he get when he has to talk about himself in the third person like this?
(through interpreter): Well, he loves it when he hears his own voice talking about him like that so --
It's amazing, isn't it?
I look at it as kind of like a privilege to experience being around such a relationship because how many people have ever even seen something like this in person.
There's a quarter of a million dollars that could go to your charity, it's a really big deal, isn't it?
It's bigger than big.
Putting the charity to one side, are you surprised how competitive you became in this competition, in the sense of wanting to win?
What I'm surprised is that -- and you would never think a reality TV show would give you a life lesson, but it truly has to me.
Mostly incredibly hard work, mental challenges, competition with often erratic people what did you learn about yourselves and your character?
(through interpreter): I think -- well, coming into the show, I knew that I would be -- I mean, I would first try to raise as much money as I can for my charity, which again is The Starkey Hearing Foundation based in Minnesota.
You have these four children, and yet you've been hit while you've been doing this show by a big financial crisis in your life, haven't you?
(through interpreter): You know, the financial crisis, it is what it is.
What am I going to do?
I mean yes, if you're Little John out there John Rich is my mate.
What do you think of that?
Well, I'm not real impressed with that.
Marlee, what do you hope this show will do for you?
(through interpreter): I would hope that it would give me the recognition of showing who I am in real life.
John what do you think?
I think there's a stereotype that comes with cowboy hats.
And, Marlee, typical question for you, but I'm going to ask you anyway, if you could live without one of two men, your husband or Jack -- who would it be?
(through interpreter): I've had my husband for 18 years, I've had four kids with him, and I'm an extremely happily married woman --
What?
You should just leave the set.
How do your children deal with it?
(through interpreter): You mean deal with what, my celebrity or my deafness, or me going away --
How do you converse with them?
(through interpreter): They don't know any other way.
Can they all do the sign language?
(through interpreter): They sign if they feel like it.
If they don't want to listen to their mother, they don't bother, right?
, (through interpreter): No, listen, I can't -- that's actually a good point.
What do you think President Trump would've been like for this country?
I would've like to have seen him in a debate.
What do you think Marlee?
(through translator): You know, I'm stunned, but I'm more eager to roll up my sleeves and just jump in it and see what you got for us.
But let's just -- let's cut the crap shall we, you both want to kill each other in the final right?
(through interpreter): Yes.
You want to kill each other in the final don't you?
I don't about -- I don't think we want to kill each other, but I want to win.
Really?
You are, because every Christmas in Britain, I sort of familiar regime.
Can you still do that God awful Cockney accent that you did?
I can do the bad one that I did.
I don't think I can -- what would be a line?
Don't pretend to be me.
Have you been to the Cockney part of London?
Oh, yes.
Do they laugh at you or with you?
Oh, yes.
What do you think your great talent is?
I don't know.
What did you think you would be when you were younger?
A failure, a total starving failure.
You have been clean for how long now?
Oh, 25 -- more than 25 years now.
How bad was it at its worst for you?
Having a hangover so bad that I could hardly -- shaking, splitting headaches, and having to go to work.
How much would you be drinking?
I probably -- that was -- eight, ten drinks.
Were you?
Yes.
Did that make you feel slightly uneasy?
Very uneasy, yes.
You never had a drink again?
AN DYKE: No.
Do you wish you could have a glass of wine over a meal or something?
Don't miss it all.
Why did you give up cigarettes?
I had a doctor tell me I had an emphysema scar, a man I didn't even know, a little East Indian doctor.
How about the baby?
Only your mother would think --
How important -- obviously it's important, but how important is chemistry between a leading man and lady?
In my case, extremely important.
Mary Tyler Moore?
Mary Tyler Moore.
Could you have ever imagined being married to Mary Tyler Moore?
In a different life, in a different world, it probably would have worked out very well, yeah.
How can Dick Van Dyke be 85?
It's a surprise to me because I'm still -- I just did a show where I danced and sang.
Which of all of them impressed you the most?
Obama.
ORGAN: Why?
He was so cordial.
That's quite something, isn't it?
Oh yes.
Why don't you say I'm going to go lie by the pool?
Well, I've retired hundreds of times and it never worked out.
Why?
Because I enjoy -- I enjoy it.
Are you proud of yourself?
Yes.
What do you think the secret of true love is?
AN DYKE: You have to care about the welfare of the other person.
How many times have you had that feeling?
Three.
Do you think you may ever get remarried?
I don't know.
You're never going to give up, are you, Dick?
No.
Did you meet the president?
I did.
What did he say you?
Hi, I'm Barack.
He didn't say that?
He did.
When was the moment -- when Michelle was dating Barack, when was the moment that you realized this guy may be something special politically?
I had no idea at the time when I met him.
ORGAN: You want to kill each other in the final don't you?
I don't know -- I don't think between want to kill each other, but I want to win.
What did you think you'd be when you were young?
A failure, a total starving (ph) failure.
Did you ever imagine being married to Mary Tyler Moore?
In a different life, different world, it would have worked out very well.
And, Marlee, it's so stressful, isn't it?
(through interpreter): It's extremely stressful.
They're trying to break down you defenses, they're trying to get you emotionally and physically shattered, aren't they?
(through interpreter): And yet it's up to you whether you want to take it that way.
And what were the charities?
(through interpreter): I raised $1,150,000.
John?
I'm just under $800,000 for Saint Jude's Research Hospital, and then another $130,000 for other charities.
There are other reasons, it certainly makes you feel good when you can raise that kind of money, doesn't it?
(through interpreter): Well, exactly, I mean for me, the whole point for me was to do it for charity because I mean, clearly, it is exposure, people want to see what you can do beyond what they expect, what you might do in your career.
Does it give you an advantage that the others heard you speaking in a male voice?
(through interpreter): Perhaps because they see me signing and they know that's it's me talking.
And how embarrassed does he get when he has to talk about himself in the third person like this?
(through interpreter): Well, he loves it when he hears his own voice talking about him like that so --
It's amazing, isn't it?
I look at it as kind of like a privilege to experience being around such a relationship because how many people have ever even seen something like this in person.
There's a quarter of a million dollars that could go to your charity, it's a really big deal, isn't it?
It's bigger than big.
Putting the charity to one side, are you surprised how competitive you became in this competition, in the sense of wanting to win?
What I'm surprised is that -- and you would never think a reality TV show would give you a life lesson, but it truly has to me.
Mostly incredibly hard work, mental challenges, competition with often erratic people what did you learn about yourselves and your character?
(through interpreter): I think -- well, coming into the show, I knew that I would be -- I mean, I would first try to raise as much money as I can for my charity, which again is The Starkey Hearing Foundation based in Minnesota.
You have these four children, and yet you've been hit while you've been doing this show by a big financial crisis in your life, haven't you?
(through interpreter): You know, the financial crisis, it is what it is.
What am I going to do?
I mean yes, if you're Little John out there John Rich is my mate.
What do you think of that?
Well, I'm not real impressed with that.
Marlee, what do you hope this show will do for you?
(through interpreter): I would hope that it would give me the recognition of showing who I am in real life.
John what do you think?
I think there's a stereotype that comes with cowboy hats.
And, Marlee, typical question for you, but I'm going to ask you anyway, if you could live without one of two men, your husband or Jack -- who would it be?
(through interpreter): I've had my husband for 18 years, I've had four kids with him, and I'm an extremely happily married woman --
What?
You should just leave the set.
How do your children deal with it?
(through interpreter): You mean deal with what, my celebrity or my deafness, or me going away --
How do you converse with them?
(through interpreter): They don't know any other way.
Can they all do the sign language?
(through interpreter): They sign if they feel like it.
If they don't want to listen to their mother, they don't bother, right?
, (through interpreter): No, listen, I can't -- that's actually a good point.
What do you think President Trump would've been like for this country?
I would've like to have seen him in a debate.
What do you think Marlee?
(through translator): You know, I'm stunned, but I'm more eager to roll up my sleeves and just jump in it and see what you got for us.
But let's just -- let's cut the crap shall we, you both want to kill each other in the final right?
(through interpreter): Yes.
You want to kill each other in the final don't you?
I don't about -- I don't think we want to kill each other, but I want to win.
Really?
You are, because every Christmas in Britain, I sort of familiar regime.
Can you still do that God awful Cockney accent that you did?
I can do the bad one that I did.
I don't think I can -- what would be a line?
Don't pretend to be me.
Have you been to the Cockney part of London?
Oh, yes.
Do they laugh at you or with you?
Oh, yes.
What do you think your great talent is?
I don't know.
What did you think you would be when you were younger?
A failure, a total starving failure.
You have been clean for how long now?
Oh, 25 -- more than 25 years now.
How bad was it at its worst for you?
Having a hangover so bad that I could hardly -- shaking, splitting headaches, and having to go to work.
How much would you be drinking?
I probably -- that was -- eight, ten drinks.
Were you?
Yes.
Did that make you feel slightly uneasy?
Very uneasy, yes.
You never had a drink again?
No.
Do you wish you could have a glass of wine over a meal or something?
Don't miss it all.
Why did you give up cigarettes?
I had a doctor tell me I had an emphysema scar, a man I didn't even know, a little East Indian doctor.
How about the baby?
Only your mother would think --
How important -- obviously it's important, but how important is chemistry between a leading man and lady?
In my case, extremely important.
Mary Tyler Moore?
Mary Tyler Moore.
Could you have ever imagined being married to Mary Tyler Moore?
In a different life, in a different world, it probably would have worked out very well, yeah.
How can Dick Van Dyke be 85?
It's a surprise to me because I'm still -- I just did a show where I danced and sang.
Which of all of them impressed you the most?
Obama.
Why?
He was so cordial.
That's quite something, isn't it?
Oh yes.
Why don't you say I'm going to go lie by the pool?
Well, I've retired hundreds of times and it never worked out.
Why?
Because I enjoy -- I enjoy it.
Are you proud of yourself?
Yes.
What do you think the secret of true love is?
You have to care about the welfare of the other person.
How many times have you had that feeling?
Three.
Do you think you may ever get remarried?
I don't know.
You're never going to give up, are you, Dick?
No.
Did you meet the president?
I did.
What did he say you?
Hi, I'm Barack.
He didn't say that?
He did.
When was the moment -- when Michelle was dating Barack, when was the moment that you realized this guy may be something special politically?
I had no idea at the time when I met him.
From what you've seen on the ground in Joplin, would you expect that death toll figure to rise?
Sadly, Piers, I really want folks to have hope.
But there must have been moments last night when you were fearful for your life, wasn't there?
Yes.
What kind of a device given all of your experience would you give to the people of Joplin, given what may happen in the next few hours?
Well, I think tonight, I mean, basically, looking at the weather pattern, I was out this afternoon chasing in northern Oklahoma, but there's a stationary front and there's what we call overlay, a lot of storms and hail and wind which will continue through the evening hours and then the bigger concern is going to be tomorrow.
In all your time, how bad would you say what you've been seeing is by comparison to other seasons?
This is definitely one of the more intense seasons.
Can you hear me, Tom?
Yes, Piers.
Can you hear me, tom?
Yes, Piers.
How terrified were you during that process?
I was very scared.
Are you fearful, along with other people in Joplin, that you may get hit by another tornado?
It's just made it very difficult to be able to locate people.
Have you even thought about the rebuilding process?
To be honest with you at this point we're just focused on just being so thankful and I think there's a lot to be said for, if we could just as -- if we could just as easily forget our troubles, as easily as we forget our blessings, things would be far different.
Or from a meteorological point of view, is this kind of what happens every few years?
Well, Piers, it's -- we always expect this clash of air masses in spring and as the warm air wants to overtake the cold air of winter.
And in terms of tornado seasons, to try and put this in correct perspective, is this as bad as you've seen tornado damage?
It is.
What does it feel like to be near a tornado of this devastation?
USINGER: It's always very cliche.
And Zach, how far away were your aunt and uncle from where you were?
They were two to three miles from where I was, downtown, to the north.
Looking at the images that I'm looking at, which are just horrendous, given what you know of the town, would you say that there are likely to be more people that have died in this than the numbers that are being said at the moment?
From things I heard from people who work at the hospital, I have to believe it's going to go a lot higher, which I hate saying that.
What kind of thing would you like to say to other people in Joplin, particularly as the weather is deteriorating again?
Take cover.
Are you sensing there may be another tornado tonight?
Probably not tonight, Piers, but conditions we think tomorrow will be a different story.
Are we seeing really unusually bad weather or is it just these two incidents involving tornadoes that have come quite close together?
Well, we're going to have to go back and go through data and really analyze things to find out exactly if there is a cause or if this is just a cycle.
Have you -- in your darkest nightmares, you could never have imagined this kind of scene, could you?
No.
How bad do you think the situation is?
Well, listening to the disaster on the tragedy you have just been describing in the United States, we are fortunate here in Iceland that nobody has been hurt, nobody has been killed.
Are you anticipating a similar situation this time?
No, no, definitely not.
Is that right?
Today, not in that situation, but in Joplin on Sunday, yes.
How bad is this situation that's now enveloping this region?
It's bad today.
Sam, what's the latest?
Good evening, Piers.
Do you have any clue as to where he may be?
We really don't.
What do you think may have happened?
I mean, we know for sure that they pulled into that grocery store parking lot, because they couldn't see where they were going.
On 20th Street?
I'm sorry, on 20th and Wisconsin is the corner where the car was --
And Lantz's friend is Jonathan Taylor, and his last memory is that he may be still alive, he thinks?
No -- well, really his last memory was just of the windows breaking and that's it.
Is it completely gone?
It's gone.
How do you feel?
It's pretty terrifying.
Elizabeth, when you saw the pictures of the school, what went through your mind?
My heart pretty much stopped, because, I mean, we've gone there for four years.
When did you become aware about what was happening?
Well, shortly after we had to go get our diplomas, one of our senior principal actually said that there was a tornado watch, and that everyone should be careful and he was -- he was just telling us to keep check on the weather and if we were going to go home, to go home directly.
Did you see it as real, or did it all just seem like, oh, well, it's just another warning?
Frankly, I took it as another, oh, well, it's another warning.
Do you know what you're going to be doing?
I'm going to Ozark Christian College here at Joplin, and it didn't get affected by the tornado at all, because it's on the north end of Joplin.
How would you describe the mood?
Well, a lot of us are in shock, because we've always been, like, oh, Joplin is always the place where the tornado misses or we've always been like, oh, nothing ever happens in Joplin.
It's heartbreaking, isn't it?
It is.
Piers?
Rob, if you can stand by for us.
Given other scenes you've had to go and help at, how does this rank?
Well, Piers, I can tell you, I just got back from Alabama, it seems like yesterday, and it never ceases to amaze me, the destruction is just epic.
So we can get a sense of the scale of this, what do you do to commence this rescue operation?
Well, let me, first of all, go ahead and make a comparison.
Are you impressed by the speed of the response?
Yes.
What do you think we can expect?
Well, we've already seen tornadoes that have dropped big tornadoes across Oklahoma, at least four fatalities near Oklahoma City.
I mean, it's just been decimated, hasn't it?
Yes, and you know Piers, after an incident like this, a disaster like this, often, you know, there's adrenaline and the adrenaline carries you through.
You think it's irresponsible for President Obama to say that?
Yes, indeed.
You must feel lucky to be alive, don't you?
Yes, sir, I do.
What are the injuries that you suffered?
Doctors said I had a cracked humerus in my shoulder, like a fracture.
How were you feeling at that moment?
Honestly, sir, I believe very strongly that if it's your time to go, it's your time to go, and there's nothing you can do.
When these pictures emerged of the truck being thrown in the air, did your family know that was you, Jeremiah?
Actually, I've been told pretty much all my family and all my friends saw it.
I mean, did you see devastation around you, Jeremiah?
I saw the debris in front of me.
Jeremiah, when you -- when you look at the video pictures of that tornado hitting your truck, can you quite believe what you're watching?
Actually, the first time I saw it, after they took me to the hospital, I was laying in the hospital bed, and I was flipping through the channels because everybody was saying it was on.
Do we know anything about who they are or what the likelihood that they survived?
Well, here's what we know, that they have confirmed 125 fatalities.
Is he at the hospital?
He's either at the hospital -- I believe he's still out with the search.
ORGAN: Do you believe this was a direct hit from the tornado on the home that's caused all this while Hank was out of town, right?
Yes, definitely.
Pam, how are the family coping with this?
As you would expect, devastated, shocked, numb.
Were they all completely decimated?
Several homes were destroyed.
Do you know right now what the condition is of Catherine and Kathleen?
I believe they're both in stable condition right now and Catherine is either in surgery or just gotten out, and Kathleen is in stable condition.
Where exactly are you right now?
Right now, I'm at the Cunningham Park.
Are they safe?
Yes, unfortunately, we did lose all our materialistic items.
Is that your understanding?
That's right.
What do you make of what you said?
Yes.
What is it -- if you were to try to crystallize the magic of what Oprah's achieved with this show, what would you say it is?
I would say, without question, it's connection.
Who do you think of all the celebrities in the world is the one that's appeared on the Oprah show the most?
Celine Dion.
Of all the great moments in the history of this show, which one for you was the moment?
Oh, gosh.
My favorite moment?
Yeah.
Gayle, if you were to try to assess the impact that Oprah's show has had on America, what would you say it's been?
You know, there's not a day that's gone by that somebody doesn't come up to me.
What did you feel when you heard her say that?
You know, I just felt that she's really summing up how I feel.
Anderson, just before we leave you, this 1,500 people missing -- is there an expectation that the death toll is likely to rise pretty substantially from the current 126?
There's no way to know sure.
Would you know the answer to that?
A very convincing answer.
What is she like to work for in reality?
It's interesting that's one of your favorite shows, one of your guilty pleasures.
And in terms of how you chose the stories, who was the driving force, you or Oprah?
I pitched stories.
What I always felt with Oprah -- the power of the Oprah brand came through her searing honesty, whether it was producing a great big trolley load of fat to show how much weight she had put on and lost and so on, or talking about her struggles with eating disorders, or whatever it may be, the abuse and so on -- it was the searing honesty, wasn't it?
It was the searing honesty.
Lisa, finally, what would you say is the big lesson you learned from Oprah?
Well, first of all, she's one of the hardest working people I've ever met.
You think he's arrogant?
I think so.
What do you say to that?
I think it's an indispensable relationship, that's how I would put it.
How important are we in the scheme of things?
No, no.
How do you think he's doing as president?
I think he's a great president.
Is that right?
Now, if that had happened now or on any presidential visit that I was involved in or now is happening, the slick second- nature of these visits, if anything goes wrong like that, there would be a national outcry.
Did you ever do this?
-- the Americans were calling --
When you had President Bush?
-- the Americans were calling the tunes.
Were President Bush and you ever around a piano?
I don't think he would appreciate my singing talents.
Was the war in Iraq, given all we now know, was that a mistake, do you think?
No, I don't think so, but I think you've got to distinguish between the rightness of the case -- and, of course, the UN and the whole world supported the rightness of the case -- and then the follow-through.
Is part of the special relationship between Britain and America connected to the royal family, do you think?
I think the royal family is incredibly popular in America.
Why do you think Americans are so fascinated by the British royal family?
I think it's about Britain.
When you saw what happened to Princess Diana, who you knew -- and I knew, for that matter -- and we saw the attention that she got and the relentlessness of it, leading to the terrible event of her death, do you worry about the attention, now, on William and Kate, these new superstars of the British royal family?
I think it was a tragedy what happened to Princess Diana.
Did you get that sense?
I think that was important, but I think you've got to look forward, as well.
When you think about the IMF for a moment, how important is the IMF to the global economy?
You see, for 50 years, the IMF was dealing with national problems.
-- since the financial crisis?
Very important.
Why don't you take over the IMF?
I'm way beyond all that.
Way beyond it?
Well, I was in charge of --
If you were offered the job, would you take it?
I don't think it comes to that, to be honest.
Would you agree with that?
Well, I think we've got these big problems that require people to take a longer-term view than just their own selfish individual or national interest.
Has the Internet eroded political power in the conventional sense?
Yes and --
So, you're seeing, now, people power, driven from the floor up, aren't you?
It's because of the Internet that we know about events in Burma, we knew about the fraud elections in Zimbabwe, we knew about many different things that were going on in Egypt.
Is it the end of despotic rule as we know it?
I think foreign policy cannot be conducted by a few elites that just talk to each other and never consult the public.
Were you surprised when you heard that?
No, because Pakistan is the epicenter of terrorism.
Do you think anybody at high level in Pakistan would've known that Osama bin Laden was there?
The question in Pakistan is, you've got the army, you've got the security services, you've got the politicians, you've got the business class.
And finally, what do you miss most about being prime minister?
I can tell you what I don't miss.
How would you describe the relationship as it stands?
There certainly is a trust deficit, but it has been persisting since the last one year.
Do you accept that?
To an extent, yes.
Is it credible that no one else in that base, in all this time, would have had any idea?
Well, that's a very -- when you say I worked there -- no, I was trained there.
What I'm suggesting is does it seem likely to you, with all these military intelligence people around this compound, that nobody knew anything?
There's normal.
Would you have been happy about that?
No, not at all.
How would you have reacted if you had been Pakistan's president?
Well, I would have certainly reacted, very angrily.
Is it, therefore, illegal what the Americans did?
It is absolutely illegal, yes.
So it was an unlawful assassination?
Now you are getting into the legality of -- he was a world class risk.
Is that what you are saying?
No.
Why, if you are President Obama, could you possibly take the risk under those circumstances of not acting unilaterally?
Well, no Pakistani and no leader in Pakistan will allow this as a justification for any intrusion into Pakistan.
You think he was arrogant?
I think so.
Would you see another raid by the Americans to get rid of another al Qaeda terrorist in exactly the same circumstances, without informing the Pakistani government -- would that be an act of war?
Theoretically, technically, yes, indeed.
Will you consider doing that?
Yes, I have already taken a decision.
Do you believe you can win?
Well, I have entered into politics because I do believe I can win.
Are you worried that if you ramp up the rhetoric over the search for the terrorists in Pakistan against the Americans, they might respond and say, we're yanking our money?
Well, first of all, I didn't say act of war.
Do you believe the current Pakistani administration has been 100% honest?
I don't know.
You mean you would have traded the information that you had bin Laden?
I would have done something to turn the tables in my favor.
You wouldn't have just handed him over to the Americans?
I don't know.
Wouldn't that be the responsible thing to do?
I would have used this card to my favor.
If you had known for a fact where bin Laden was, would you have handed him over to America?
Let's not get into the details of something which didn't happen.
If you go back into power and you become president again, and you discover that a senior member of al Qaeda, who has without any doubt been committing atrocities, is living in another compound near Karachi or somewhere, would you tell the Americans?
USHARRAF: I would like to take action.
You bowed to Lady Gaga?
I bowed to Lady Gaga.
What did he say to you?
Hi, I'm Barack.
What do you call the president?
Oh, when I see him I call him Barack or President Obama or Mr. President.
How do you do?
I'm great, thank you.
How old are you?
I am turning 21 in two weeks.
How did you do this?
I have a fantastic publicity team.
I mean, you weren't even -- you weren't doing anything before you got this job, were you?
No, no, I was just a student and I was in high school a few months before I got the show, and then I was in college for two weeks, and then when I officially got it and -- I was working at a dry cleaner's in the summers to --
Earning how much?
I think it was -- oh, gosh!
-- about "Glee"?
Well, I was driving back from the last audition, and I was -- my mom, my mom was driving.
What's the look?
The look was -- like, it looked like she should be driving, she should be paying attention to the road.
Did you have an inkling?
Absolutely not.
I mean, who could've predicted all of this?
I literally cannot.
Were you thinking in your head, "I really want to be" -- I don't know, whoever?
I think I --
Tom Cruise, you know?
No.
Zac Efron?
Definitely -- definitely not, no.
Who are your idols?
No, I never thought I would ever be of heartthrob stature.
Who were your celebrity icons?
Oh, gosh!
Well, not actually Oprah?
OK.
Really?
Oh, absolutely.
Did you want to be an actor?
Yes, ever since -- I remember I was, like, 3 years old, and I was watching a movie, the title of which escapes me, but -- and I remember the credits came on.
When did it pop for you?
I don't know.
Oh, God -- what was the first "pinch me" moment?
The moment when you rang your mum and you were both getting carried away on the phone.
Yes?
When I signed up for "America's Got Talent."
Yes?
I mean, the first day of filming the live shows was through those famous gates.
Now, that is a moment, isn't it?
Yes, it's an amazing feeling, it is.
It's just kids who feel they're outsiders, right?
Right, absolutely.
But as you were walking up, you just thought -- what were you thinking?
I remember when I was walking up, I kept thinking to myself: do not trip on a chair or a table on the way up there, because it was so possible, because there were so many things in my way.
Do you remember their names?
Yes, of course.
Is there anyone in particular that you'd like to just smoke out now?
No, I hated them all equally, no.
How did it make you feel?
I was just embarrassed, because -- I mean, I would walk by these people that I barely knew in the hallway, and they'd just scream profanities at me that I didn't think were true at the time.
To me, she's just a phenomenon who completely gets what it takes to be a modern-day brand, doesn't she?
Yes.
Did you meet her when she came on?
A couple times.
What did you make of her?
Well, I completely embarrassed myself to no end.
You bowed to Lady Gaga?
I bowed to Lady Gaga.
What did she say to you?
"Thank you."
Did you have to, then, do anything else?
No, I just ran.
Did you get to have a proper conversation with her?
No, I don't think I'll ever be able to have a proper conversation with her after that.
You'd be too nervous?
I'd be way too -- yes, right.
Is she like an iconic figure for you?
I -- you know, she's actually one of the first people in my generation whose music I liked.
I bet they're just all over you like a rash about "Glee," right?
Oh, everyone loves "Glee."
Do you ever say to them, "I know how you voted"?
Well, here's the thing.
But do you think that they will ever change their mind because you give them a picture?
Maybe.
You know who they are when they ask you?
Oh, yes.
And you know how they voted?
Yes, yes.
I mean, do you feel like you're winning when you have that moment with them?
A little bit.
Or do you feel that as gay rights become much more prominent and successes are being achieved, in a funny way, it's becoming in certain pockets, more homophobic as they try and resist this change?
I don't know, because I know that I surround myself with positivity towards the situation and not negativity.
What kind of things?
It was just -- high school again.
And that hurt?
Yes, because I mean, it's ridiculous when people have like strong opinions about you when it's about things you can't control.
It's all hand-in-hand, isn't it?
Right, it comes --
What did your mother say when she saw this?
It's so funny.
It's what mothers do, isn't it?
Yes, yes.
I mean, are you finding that you're getting more attractive because of the fame?
Oh, sure.
It's like fame is such a sort of magnet to people, isn't it?
Kind of, kind of.
That goes with the territory, doesn't it?
That's -- yes, absolutely.
Do you think you're -- are you equipped to deal with all this?
Sometimes.
And what's behind-the-scenes stuff with you?
You know, like the security risks and the security issues that are very frightening that people don't know about, because I don't want them to know about.
What's the scariest thing that's happened to you?
I was at a movie theater once, and I was by myself, stupidly, and I was semi-mobbed.
As it was going on, what were you thinking?
Not much.
It was crazy, right?
It's crazy, but I mean, in -- it's really a mind trip because, on one hand, you're -- you want them to stop.
Have you had stalkers?
Not -- not really.
Some form of stalking is flattering, you know?
Yes.
I mean, how can you trust people?
I don't know.
Life's a gamble, though, isn't it?
Life is a gamble.
How do you get your tears to work?
It's really just a -- kind of like a glancing.
Can you do it now?
Well, now.
How long would it take you to get into tear mode?
Well, it depends on the scene.
A minute?
A minute.
You could get tears in a couple of seconds?
I could, I could, yes.
Why not?
Well, not -- unless it's scripted.
Is it like a magician revealing his secrets?
Yes, right, that's --
You're feeling awkward about it?
That's what it is.
To order?
No -- no, I mean it's -- no, because sometimes you just can't do it because your body can't produce tears, so you can't.
Really?
I don't think I've cried --
When was the last time?
The last time I cried.
So, you're not actually that emotional off camera?
No, no.
All that bullying, all that ostracizing?
OLFER: Yes, yes.
-- steelier side to you than you had when you were growing up?
I think it made me a very sarcastic person, for sure.
When did you finish working on this scene?
We finished season two yesterday at 4:00 in the morning.
And do you now get time off, or what happens?
No, no.
And you're also doing a movie in all this?
Yes, yes.
How are you going to fit that in?
Well, the tour ends on July 5th or 4th, I believe, and as soon as it's over, I am literally going straight to a plane and flying to the set in LA.
Do you get any time off at all?
No, no.
Even a day?
Maybe -- I'll get like a day here and there.
That's it, right?
Yes.
Is there anything else you're up to, other than all this?
There --
Or is that enough this year, is it?
Right.
Of all the famous people you've met, who's been the most inspiring to you when you actually met them?
Oooh.
Did you meet the president?
I did.
What did he say to you?
"Hi, I'm Barack."
Did he know you?
I think his daughters did.
He didn't say he watched it religiously?
No, no, he wasn't like, "Oh, I loved you in 'Single Ladies.'"
Yes, what was she like with you?
Great, great.
So, your mother isn't getting demanding about fame, now, right?
A little bit, a little bit, a little bit, yes.
I mean, that's a bummer, isn't it?
For some people it could be.
I mean, are you proud to be Michelle Obama's older brother?
Absolutely.
Are you amazed at how she's dealt with becoming first lady?
Wow.
Who grows up on the south side of Chicago and, as you pointed out, very modest background, and ends up being the first lady?
Well, the answer is nobody.
What do you call the president now, when you see him?
Oh, when I see him I call him Barack or President Obama or Mr. President.
Doesn't it feel even stranger calling him Mr. President?
It does.
Had you heard of him before?
You know, I had heard she was dating a guy who was a Harvard guy and they worked together in the summer and this, that, and the other.
Is it as simple as those things that he was doing means he's a good man?
You know, it's hard when you get fatigued to shield your real personality.
When was the moment -- when Michelle was dating Barack, when was the moment that you realized this guy may be something special politically?
Oh, I had no idea at the time when I met him.
What's the moment like for you personally, on a human level, when you walk into the White House for the first time with your brother-in-law as the president of the United States?
Well, I got to tell you, the first thing, Piers, that struck me was how small the inside of the White House was.
It's a lot smaller than you think, isn't it?
It is.
But was it a surreal moment for you?
And it still is.
Something that annoys you most when you see them described as whatever?
You know, I would love to tell you that there was something that bothers me, but nothing that anybody says bothers me.
You never did?
No, no.
How did you feel when you discovered that your brother- in-law had ordered the mission, the successful mission that killed Osama bin Laden?
Well, I have to say I was probably like most of the people who heard the news.
And, finally, will you be out on the stump for him next election campaign?
Well, if they need me.
You're threatening me with physical violence, aren't you?
I am.
If I was Justin Bieber, what would you say?
Put the seatbelt on, buddy, because it's going to be a bumpy ride.
You've admitted to one dose of Botox?
Oh, yes, I tried it.
Do they really?
It's so cool.
It must still give you even you guys a buzz, isn't it?
It's an ego builder, let me tell you.
Is it?
If you're ever feeling bad about yourself, you just drive past the Flamingo and it's like the biggest billboard in the city.
Did you ever imagine in the '70s when you started that show, did you ever imagine that here you'd be 40 years later doing this in Vegas?
No, I mean, you know, you think about a career.
And it's nice to be out there with somebody who they can tell if something's not working and they're there to cover each other or whatever it is, you know?
It just happened the other night.
You can completely trust each other?
Yes.
Whoever else you work with?
Yes.
What's the thing that takes you to that level?
I don't know if I speak on behalf of Marie, but when we put this show together, you could throw as much money as you want at a show.
What are you laughing at?
We did --
We did QVC the other day, OK?
Don't go into that.
What?
Learning from old school.
You know?
But who would you like to --
Who of all the greats that played in Vegas mould you most like to have seen in a theater like this?
We did.
You saw them all?
We worked with them.
Did you perform with Sasha and Sinatra?
Yes.
And Sammy Davis?
Yes.
Dean Martin?
Yes.
Elvis?
Yes.
Elvis in Vegas?
Lucille Ball.
So being a proper star, really, from what you're saying is, look out to an audience and making them feel as important as they're making you feel?
Absolutely.
Do you remember what Groucho Marx did to you?
Yes.
Groucho Marx?
Groucho Marx.
Serious?
He was on the "Donny and Marie Show" and -- yes.
What was John Wayne like?
John Wayne was a very stoic man.
He talked like this really, you know?
He was John Wayne.
Why does the maiden who keeps a crackling fire on such a frosty day?
Sir, you cannot imagine how glad I am to see you.
That's the most exciting thing?
Well, because you got married to a guy you married before.
Tell me how did -- how did this happen?
Well --
You got married how long ago?
It's been 29 years.
What was -- what was wrong then?
You know, Piers, I think too young.
You remarried, but he never did, is that right?
No, he never remarried, no.
Oh, yes, I'd been divorced almost, what, six years now or something like that?
So you were a single woman, and he was a single guy.
Did your son know that you were dating?
No.
How long did you keep it from him?
When we told him we were getting married.
Seriously?
Yes.
And your son is, what, nearly 30 now?
He's 28.
What was your reaction?
I thought it was fantastic.
I mean, for any brother, when you see a sister have her heartbroken as you said you did the first time when the marriage fell apart, doesn't part of you feel that protective thing, I hope this doesn't happen again with this guy?
Let's go one step further, it's always been uncomfortable between -- at least for me, between us, that I have a very successful marriage for 33 years and she didn't.
Was there a moment?
You know, the only thing I can say is when it's right, it's really right.
Do you think that?
I just think I'm a hard habit to break.
When you saw yourself -- and what did you think, Donny, when you saw her in that dress again?
It was beautiful.
Did you get it?
Yes.
What do you want to talk to me about?
Well, actually a sort of serious thing, actually.
Shall I leave?
No, I want you to stay.
Did you choose that day deliberately or was it just a freak coincidence?
No, I chose it deliberately.
You know?
Yes, completely, I get that.
Would she have been happy, your mom?
Oh, that would have been something my mother -- yes.
Really?
And put Michael's picture.
What's the reality?
You never get over that.
It's just the worst parental nightmare, isn't it?
Well, you know, God says you go through the sorrow to know the joys.
You did?
Yes.
You felt his presence on your wedding day?
Yes.
Donny, what was it like for to you see your sister go through such a crushing tragedy and be working with her at the same time?
You can only imagine what we went through here at the Flamingo.
Is it a way of getting back into your life?
I think you've got to be careful about that, Piers.
Did you draw a great comfort from the audience reaction?
You know, everybody will have their reasons for doing things.
When you say Donny was your rock, in what way?
Well, you know, he could tell I was hurting.
When we come back, I want to talk to you about the door marked fame that you two were shoved through when you were very young?
I remember when you asked me this question.
Would still want to go through that?
Oh, Piers, Piers, Piers.
Oh, the Osmonds, the other ones?
Every girl I got my eye on, age -- I don't know -- nine or 10, didn't want to know because she had Donny bloody Osmond on her wall.
Do you remember when the balconies collapsed from the weight?
Yes, I do.
If I could take you back to the door marked fame and give you the option not to go through that, to lead a completely normal, anonymous life, without everything that fame brings, would you take that option?
If I could have it the way I have it at this very moment, I would walk through that door.
What he's going to go through?
He's going through so much heartache.
Do you still hate "Puppy Love"?
No, I love -- I was just about to say, I've gone through many, many doors where I have actually made full circle and I've embraced "Puppy Love" to where I absolutely enjoy singing that song.
There be have moments in your career when "Puppy Love" has been this massive millstone around your neck, hasn't it?
Yes, it was a millstone.
Is it inevitable?
He's got it now.
If I was Justin Bieber, what would you say?
Put the seat belt on, buddy, because it's going to be a bumpy ride.
What finally brought you back to recording?
Well, I had to wait until she stopped playing with dolls.
Was it fun?
Well, you know -- I don't know fun is the right word.
Is it hard or easy to be with your own brother when you're making a record?
Oh, you know, I think initially --
Are you pleasantly surprised?
Yes, I have to say I'm pleasantly surprised because, because Donny and Marie is a big target.
Why do you say that?
I'm serious.
What do you think?
I don't.
Why would you care what the rock audience think of you?
To be honest with you, I don't care anymore, because I am who I am.
What?
It's what you look like is unique to me.
Every day?
Not every day.
Do you drink alcohol?
I have never -- well, accidentally a couple times.
Never taken drugs?
Never had a desire to take drugs, no.
You are Mr. Squeaky clean, aren't you?
Well, you know what, if that's what it takes to live a good life, yeah, call me squeaky clean.
-- sexuality, all that kind of stuff in their lyrics and so on, do you feel offended?
First of all, let me just make the statement, I think Lady Gaga is brilliant.
It's like who wants that kind of face?
Marie, talk me through this.
Why don't we pretend you are?
I like that.
But what else do you do to keep in this kind of shape?
Well, I mean, I lost 50 pounds.
Do you exercise?
I do.
How long are you going to be performing here, for starters?
Until the end of this year.
Is there anywhere you'd rather be performing?
There's all kinds of opportunities.
When you finish up here, the shows -- because you're playing tonight -- what do you go out on?
We just changed the show.
But the ones that we can't take out of the show is like -- what do we end the show with?
May tomorrow be a perfect day
How do you feel?
Well, sing me the song.
What are you doing?
Wait.
Is this the new side of you that we're learning?
It's just a tender side I hide so cleverly.
Can I sing later?
You can sing later.
Mr. Showbiz?
Yes.
How are you, daddy?
I'm good.
Are you getting much sleep?
Well, you know, I never sleep.
Are you a good nappy changer?
Yes.
ORGAN: Diapers?
Yes, there you go.
You're a good diaper changer?
I'm good.
You're liking being a dad?
I'm loving it, man.
I mean, you can -- you can give me some advice on fatherhood, right?
I've got three boys.
Really?
Yes, because I -- I was neglectful when I saw you at "America's Got Talent," because you were too busy.
Really?
-- than me.
You're a sports fan, right?
Of course.
Because your running joke with me, of course, is it was being -- I'm not famous, right?
Yes, no one knew who you were in America.
Does that sicken you?
It does.
You're threatening me with physical violence, aren't you?
Yes.
Do you wake -- I'm going to ask you this -- do you wake up some mornings and just think, "Good God, I am lying next to Mariah Carey"?
Every --
-- this is permanent, this is real?
Absolutely.
Why were you so sure?
I was so sure because that was Mariah Carey.
Did she know that she was your dream girl?
I don't think she did.
But who's the boss at home?
Me, dammit.
I mean, that's how you get to the top, isn't it?
Yes, that's a --
ORGAN: You're doing it for four hours, right?
Yes, four hours.
You get up at 1:00 -- you're on air at 1:30?
One-thirty -- and I'm probably in the studio until about 7:30.
When do you sleep?
I don't sleep, man.
Do you sleep much at all?
No, maybe two hours a night.
Because it becomes very contagious, doesn't it?
Yes, yes.
ORGAN: Do you have any credibility issues with the way that stars are found on these talent shows?
It's all how it's handle, in my opinion.
And we do see competitors coming on and trying it on, don't we?
Oh, yes.
This is like his second hundred million dollar deal, right?
Amazing.
When you see people becoming instantly very famous on this show, how do you feel, as somebody who's in that bubble of fame?
Right.
Do you worry about that?
I do -- I just hope they know what they're in store for, because I would say if you weigh it out, the things -- the good things about fame are probably smaller than the bad things about fame, especially if you don't know how to handle it, because it's a magnifying glass.
Where do you draw the line, the parity, because you're both very famous?
Oh, man!
Is there a line that can still be drawn if you do that, do you think, in terms of personal privacy?
There is, but if you give them enough, if you -- if you feed the sharks, they won't attack you.
When you see other celebrities moaning about being famous, what do you feel about it?
I hate it, man.
If you could simplify it for somebody, what's the secret of being a good stand-up?
There really is none, but if I had to, I would say honesty plus confidence.
How much of your act is topical?
It's -- everything is topical to me, because a lot of it is about my life.
-- you got a great honor, didn't you?
Yes, I got to DJ his inauguration party.
How did that feel?
Now, it was amazing.
How do you think he's doing?
I think he's doing phenomenal.
ORGAN: -- would you -- would you take him out?
I don't -- he'd -- he'd have too many bodyguards around him.
Because you've wanted to, haven't you?
I think there was a time where --
What is my talent?
If you were entering the show --
What are you saying singing?
Your wife is great.
What would you actually do -- other than stand-up comedy, what would you do if you walked on stage on "AGT"?
Oh, man, I could --
You want a freestyle?
Yes.
How good are you?
Well, before I got on this show, it was very boring.
Can you quite believe what's happened to you?
No, it's absolutely phenomenal.
And I love that it's an overnight sensation, but it took me 32 years to get there, you know?
That is amazing.
What was the act?
Well, I was always a singer, and I had a band for about 15 years, and I was the lead singer of the band, and I would do impressions of singers.
And that was the magical tipping point, wasn't it?
It was.
Can I sing later?
You can sing later.
Do you ever regret losing the anonymity?
No, no, never.
Tell me I'm wrong, Winston was always about the money, right?
Of course, I'm the guy who spends all his money.
So, do you want to perform?
Yes.
Can I do the Roy Orbison?
That's what he wants to hear.
Are you pleased with it?
I'm very happy.
Is it the culmination of the dream for you?
This is something I've worked my whole life to get to.
And in many ways, saved the kind of life you may have had, right?
Absolutely.
Was she around to see that?
Oh, yes, she's still around and she --
What does she make of it?
RIMM: She's having probably the best of time, more than anyone.
Amazing thing to be able to do that, isn't it?
Well, you know, if someone can do it in the family, I'm sure they would.
It's called "Michael Grimm," right?
Yes, sir.
What are you going to sing?
I'm going to sing a song off the album.
What was going on there?
Well, she's a wonderful woman who I've gotten to know over the years.
Which was it?
It was a very interesting evening.
Is that something you would ever consider?
I don't see that happening from either of our standpoints actually.
What do you make of this?
Well, I was a little surprised by that debate, because, all of a sudden, he comes out of nowhere and starts going crazy.
I mean, would you 100 percent recognize yourself in a similar image?
Well, I'd know if somebody had a picture of me, you know, in that position and wearing those clothes.
What did you make of that?
Well, I was very surprised.
What's your reaction to that?
Well, I don't know him at all.
If he emerges, Donald, final, if he emerges as the Republican choice, as their nominee, would that make you more or less tempted to run as an independent?
Well, I'd have to see how he emerges.
What is it about this story that has gripped America, do you think?
Well, Piers, that's an excellent question.
I mean, given all your experience with these kinds of things, Nancy, do you think there's much doubt that she was responsible for the death of her daughter?
Well, in my mind, based on the evidence that I have heard, and I've still got to hear the rest.
Does it have any credibility when you do that kind of thing in a courtroom?
Well, look, I think they could have made a credible defense argument here and that argument would have been that this was an accident, that the child drowned or the child hurt herself, or something happened where it was an accident, and that Casey then sort of lost it.
What do you think the next step's going to be in this case?
Well, you know, Piers, every day, the defense astounds me by what they do.
Dan, let me ask you, finally -- just running out of time here -- Dan, if you were prosecuting this, based on everything you've seen and heard so far, would you be feeling pretty optimistic of a conviction now?
Oh, yes.
Whether you're Arnold Schwarzenegger, whether you're the guy from IMF, obviously, more serious, whether you're Anthony Weiner -- when you go through something so public and humiliating in so many ways, what's the best way to dust yourself down?
Well, tell the truth.
What kind of job is Barack Obama doing as president of your country?
Well, I love it.
What kind of people are we to say that's not a good thing?
Well, we're going to come back after break and discuss one of those people, Sarah Palin and Donald Trump and a few other of the leading political lights, and get the Jerry Springer verdict.
What would you make of President Trump as an option for America?
Well, I like the man.
You worked with him on Miss Universe, right?
Yes, the year we did it in Vietnam.
Why don't you?
One, I don't agree with his views.
America needs some bravado, doesn't it?
Well, it is so momentary.
What do you make of her?
She connects.
What do you think of those two candidates?
Here's the thing: a candidate is never as popular as he is or she is the moment before they announce.
Where would your money be on a Republican candidate right now?
I'd say right now it would be either Pawlenty or Romney.
So technically you can't be president, right?
Right, not because I was born in the subway, but because I was born in England.
Where did you get these?
I watched a very moving interview you did in Britain actually about the whole situation with your family and the Holocaust and the number of relatives that you lost to that.
And where did I get that hair?
Let me ask you a tricky question, because I've known you a long time and we're good friends and we worked together on "America's Got Talent."
Am I right?
Yeah.
What did you mean by that?
Well, partly tongue in cheek.
Why do you keep doing it?
I told you, one, I enjoy it.
Snobbery?
Yeah.
IULIANI (R), FORMER NYC MAYOR (via telephone): How are you, Piers?
I'm good.
Was that coincidence?
It was.
Is he the best candidate for this job, do you think?
Well, we're going to have to see.
Given the data that is coming out in the last 48 hours about jobs, about house prices and so on, do you believe now that this will be determined, as it often is, about the economy?
Yes.
Is the time coming when you need to say yes or no?
Sure.
What would yours be?
I have a different view than Donald.
Do you stand by that now?
No, I never said that.
Would you ever consider running with her, Rudy?
I wouldn't consider running with anybody at this point.
What is going on here, do you think?
Well, I know Anthony from the time that he was a city council member and I was a mayor back in 1994.
How many times did he take pictures like that that he can't remember whether he took it or not?
That's the point.
Was he right to do that?
First of all, I think they had every right to take them to the baseball game.
Wanda, how are you?
I'm quite well, thank you.
And you?
Well, I had all these sort of carefully choreographed questions for you -- the usual kind of stuff.
What's going on?
Well, first of all, I just want to say I am very flattered that when it comes to sex scandals, that you thought of me because usually people don't go, Wanda Sykes, let's talk sex.
What do you think of Weiner-gate?
You know, first -- OK, here's the thing.
Do you believe it?
I tweet now.
Have you found any yet?
No yet.
Are you ever shocked by the sheer volume of sex scandals of politicians in particular?
No.
Why do they all do this kind of thing?
Because they're -- one, they're people in power.
We talking about his movies or as a person?
No.
What is it about -- I mean, we've talked about men in powerful positions, but what is it about the risk taking that goes on, do you think?
Sometimes I think that they want to get caught, you know.
ORGAN: I mean, what do you think of men?
A lot of my good friends, they're men.
Do you go along with that?
No.
Do you think all men are susceptible to temptation?
I think all people are susceptible to temptation.
How's he doing, the half white guy?
I'm still rooting for the black president.
Let's just go blow stuff up, you know?
I mean, having said that, we have the big Bin Laden thing recently --
Do you think that America is more or less racist since it's had its first African-American president?
YKES: I think it's -- OK, I think it's less racist because we elected an African-American president.
No one's ever asked any white political leader, where were you born?
Where were you born, right.
So whether they intended it or not, the birther crowd, you know, I don't think Donald Trump's a racist for a moment, but I think a lot of people that latched onto that campaign was certainly bordering on racism, wasn't it?
I would throw Donald Trump in there, too.
What is it -- what is it based on if it's not race?
Yes.
Is that right?
Come on, Piers.
Is that better?
That's better.
Do you really think it's harder to be gay than black?
Yes, I believe that.
Why?
But today -- now I'm not talking about the history of, you know, black people -- African-Americans.
Just right now in American for example -- harder to be gay in America than be black?
Yes.
Why?
Well, I don't know of organizations and groups, you know, like Focus on the Family and such -- you know, anti-gay organizations who are putting up so much money, millions and millions of dollars into stopping me from, you know, being black or telling me that I can't, you know, exercise my blackness or whatever.
Am I right in saying that?
Yes.
As you got up to make it, knowing what you were about to do, how did you feel?
Um, liberated and also it wasn't an in your face.
What was the best and worst thing about coming out for you, when you look back over the period since?
Best thing is just now that there's this -- not that I was hiding before, but now there is absolutely nothing to hide.
How are things now?
Much better.
What has helped that process?
I think time.
Give them six hours to think about this before we have to talk again, right?
There you go.
Were you very nervous about making that call?
Yes.
Do you think either of your parents knew?
They said they didn't.
When he went through his point by point guide to how much he had achieved, what was your reaction, good and bad?
Well, it was good.
Can I get a fancy book?
Hesitant.
If you're being overly critical, what would you say is -- he could have been pushed a bit harder?
I think he's doing it the right way.
It must be great fun to make, isn't it?
It is.
It's like constant rolling improv, right?
It is.
Who is the single funniest comedian you've ever seen?
Richard Pryor.
And what made him such a genius?
His humanity, you know.
Where is the line, do you think, in that?
I love Ricky.
What is the reward that you like most from the work?
Laughs.
A live laugh?
A live laugh.
Really?
Yes.
Does she speak French?
She does, yes.
You didn't talk to her on the ferry?
No.
And then you met her where, at a party?
I was walking along with my friend.
Did you remember her from the ferry?
No, but I was drunk.
And now that whoever that person was has stepped in, are you happy?
I'm very happy.
Christy, how are you?
I'm very well, thank you.
You don't really like being called a super model, do you?
No.
Why not?
I don't know really what it means.
How did that happen?
Well, it's my older sister.
And then the rest of the Burns boys come into play?
Well, we did a lot of trips in the early couple of years that we were together, white water rafting and ski trips and different things.
Now that you're a director, is he feeling a little bit threatened?
No.
Why did you make this documentary?
Well, I had my first child about seven and a half years ago.
Are you the director?
Yes, director, financier, producer, writer.
But where did you get this skill?
Well, I can't say I have any training as a documentarian.
What's the most important thing that you hope people take away from this film?
Well, that there's hope, that a lot of the solutions, we know what they are.
You went to college at 25?
Yes.
And you came out with an arts degree?
Yes, a liberal arts degree, but I focused on comparative religion and eastern philosophy.
ORGAN: So quite a smart cookie, aren't you?
Well, you know.
Is it that, do you think, that is drawing so much attention?
Well, as a matter of fact, Piers, that's an excellent observation.
I mean, would you advocate the death penalty in this case, Nancy?
Well, Piers, this is my feeling on the death penalty -- there are certain cases that are so heinous that option should be offered to a jury.
Do you think we're going to see John Edwards facing a trial for which he could be convicted here?
Well, he'll face a trial unless his lawyers plea bargain.
So, in that sense, it is a donation to help him politically, isn't it?
That's certainly what the prosecution is going to argue here.
Is it as clear cut as that do you think?
Well, I think he's right.
Has this decision been taken for political reasons, do you think?
I think that's a legitimate question.
Do people say that to you?
I think -- yes, it is something I've heard.
Did it say that?
Yes.
I mean, do you see yourself as a sex siren?
No.
Really?
Well, no.
Do you hate it?
I don't hate it.
What's the worst thing about it?
You know, the worst thing about it is saying the number.
I mean, no spark?
I know.
Does it make you laugh now when you think back to that?
Yes, it does.
Awfully satisfying, isn't it?
It makes me laugh now, but I do have to say there were 10 years between the age of 15 and maybe 25 that it didn't make me laugh.
Why?
Because they completely crushed me.
You're having the last laugh, aren't you?
You could look at it that way.
And why, Ellen?
I like them because, first of all, I don't think I'm supposed to be turned on.
Really?
I mean, I don't know how I'd feel about it now.
Could you imagine doing a scene like that now?
Yes, of course.
Why not?
No reason, no.
Does it help when you've got some hunk like Dennis Quaid?
It helps when it's Dennis Quaid.
Who's the sexiest man you've ever done a scene with of any kind?
That is so unfair.
Was he really?
And we had a very graphic sex scene.
Tell me about your ex because you have a very nice ex- husband relationship, don't you?
I do.
How have you managed to do it?
Well, we're both very sane people, I think.
Is it unthinkable that you two could get back together?
We had a wonderful eight, ten years together.
Many?
Yes.
A lot of people?
Yes.
Do you think that's the case?
The battle is not being won, which is why I'm so proud to be a part of this play now, because I think it's more important than ever that people are reminded there is no cure.
And I think, you know, what's there not to get angry about?
Something so passionate, so visceral, has such an amazing connection with an audience night-after-night.
How can you go from that to a movie set, doing something that will inevitably be so trivial by comparison?
Sometimes it is, and sometimes it isn't.
What is that?
It's called "Another Happy Day."
On the whole, I'd rather be in Philadelphia?
Yes.
What do you think when you see that?
I remember Jim punching the wall behind me and being a little bit concerned for my well being.
Why have you never been a wife?
Life has turned out so differently for me than I originally thought it would.
How did you imagine your life would look?
I don't know.
Do you think you'll ever get married one day?
I couldn't tell you.
Would you like to?
What's happening right now.
When you see friends who are married, do you envy them or not?
No, actually I don't, in all honesty.
Why are you laughing?
There's not much left with the bleeps, truth be told.
But when you played the role, how much was absolutely you when you were going through addiction?
Actually, my situation was very different from her.
Yours was just alcohol?
It was alcohol, yeah.
Do you ever miss alcohol?
I don't actually.
Is that part of the way you win these things?
I don't know.
Do you like doing interviews?
Sometimes.
What's happening now?
You're doing just fine.
Why are you blocking your ears?
I am far worse than you know.
Is that what this all comes down to, that your life is never going to be right for you?
No, it's -- you know, I like to believe that -- I can never hear myself the way I appear to other people, hear or see myself.
When you look in the mirror, what do you see?
A person I've gotten to know very well.
Do you like her?
Very much so, yeah.
if things had followed a different path for you, when you think about the worst case scenario, where could you have ended up?
You know, had I not had the whatever, wherewithal, gumption to quit drinking -- I have a highly addictive personality.
Is that what it's like for you?
Absolutely, it is.
Are you miles more confident like many performers when you're on a stage?
For sure.
Do you wish you could sometimes have that confidence in real life?
I like the mix up of it.
How many times have you been properly in love in your life?
Oh, my heavens.
Are you as happy now as you've ever been?
I am, for sure.
Have you thought about your speech?
No.
If you win?
No, I really, haven't.
Really?
Yes, I have no -- I don't -- I have no idea.
How are you both?
Very good.
Do you feel like you've been to the lion's den a bit tonight?
A little bit.
Why?
I always get nervous in interviews, especially being on CNN.
Why CNN?
Because it's just, you know, a very serious place and you make me nervous.
Would you like to be taken more seriously?
I would.
Why would you care about being taken seriously?
Because I feel like I've really grown in the past couple of years, I just turned 30, I'm an adult, and I feel that I deserve it.
How did it make you feel?
It was exciting.
Are you saying Paris is shy?
She can be.
You can be shy?
Yes, I am.
What place do you need to be?
Because I missed you.
What are you promoting?
I'm here for "The World According To Paris," which is my new TV show.
How interested are you in the world?
Very.
Are you interested in world affairs?
Yes, I am.
Genuinely?
Yes.
When you see what's going on in the Middle East and stuff like that, do you have a -- do you have a healthy interest or does that kind of stuff not really touch your life?
Well, I have so much going on in my life.
What's it like being Paris Hilton's mom?
It's been quite an experience.
Are you happy with that relationship with the media?
You know, it used to really bother me when I first came out in the media when I was 15 years old.
Do you Google yourself?
Not really.
If you -- if you came on "America's Got Talent," what would your -- what would your talent be?
Singing.
Are you getting you're a serious singer or are you a brand singer, as an extension of your brand?
It's just part of my brand.
I mean, Kathy, what do you think of modern fame in that sense, that you can actually see your daughter, Paris, not going through a conventional talent like acting or any of those kind of things, but just being Paris Hilton and making all this money?
.
Do you worry about her?
I used to but I really don't as much anymore.
Because she's behaving better?
She's behaving better and she's grown up and she's been through a lot.
But you're aware you become an adult at 18?
Yes.
Why are people so fascinated by Paris, do you think?
I think that, you know, she has a famous last name.
And a lot of people look at her and say, well, why does she have to go and do anything?
She didn't have to.
Is this show that we're now going to see more of the real Paris do you think?
This show is all real, everything that happens and it was like I was finally ready to show who I really was and I'm really honest in the show.
What are the misconceptions about you?
Oh, I think there's definitely a lot, just having the last name Hilton, people assume that everything was handed to me and I've never had to work a day in my life.
How much of that goes down to your parents?
Just growing up my parents never spoiled us.
Family?
Family.
How did you actually feel?
I was in shock.
Did you call your mum?
Yes, I did.
Do you remember, Kathy?
You know, I don't.
How did you get her back on track?
We had therapy and I think that that really helped.
What can you say?
I didn't know what to say.
What do you feel about them now?
I just -- just felt so betrayed.
That you loved?
I thought I did and I can't believe that he would do something like that to me.
Do you have a tissue?
Yes.
Do you want to take a little break?
No, it's OK, just --
When this whole tape thing blew up, what did Donald Trump say to you?
He was furious.
Did he give any advice on how to deal with it?
Dad and I talked with him mostly.
What do you think of the whole fame game now that you've had enough time to be in it for a while?
Well, I've been doing this for 15 years now, so half of my life and there's it's up and downs.
What are those things that you wish you didn't have to put up with, other than what we've just discussed?
One of the things is in the media, there's all these people who I've never met before, or maybe people from my past who want to sell stories and make money, so they'll make up these crazy stories and people believe them.
Are you really entitled to any privacy given the amount of your private life that you put out there for commercial gain?
Well, when you're in this business, this is what you sign up for.
Is that a price worth paying, in the end?
Sometimes.
Did you?
She was a tomboy.
What do you think is behind that?
I think it has a lot to do with your family.
Do you think you were?
Yes, I do.
Deliberately, do you think?
Well, it was my first child, and I thought this is, you know, my little China cup.
Really?
.
What were the misconceptions about Michael, do you think?
Well, there was not a kinder, more generous, loving, sweet, smart, smart -- I can't -- the most wonderful father.
Where were you when you heard he died?
I had just come back to the hotel.
How did you hear the news?
My assistant told me.
What was the scene there?
The children and Mrs. Jackson and all the brothers and sisters and just everybody was in this room.
Did you say anything?
Yes.
What did you say?
.
Incredibly sad end to his life, wasn't it?
And he was so fabulous at the hotel.
Paris, did you know Michael well?
Yeah, I grew up -- just my mom -- I remember -- one of the first memories I have of him was when my mom took us to the music video set of "Thriller."
How did that make you feel?
I was honored.
Was it a direct result?
You know, Latoya will tell you the story.
Have you seen the children much since he died?
I saw them a couple weeks ago.
Is that an inaccurate portrayal, do you think?
Well, I can tell you that when he was at the Bel Air Hotel, there was none -- there was none of that.
What do you think his legacy will be, Michael Jackson?
Well, I think that now that he's gone, everybody realizes what a good person, all the wonderful things that he's done for charity.
How many current businesses do you have?
I have 17 different product lines.
Do you keep a handle on it?
I don't think you know that part.
Why?
I don't know.
I would imagine it's more than that, isn't it?
Yes.
Is it a lot more?
I do very well for myself.
If you were pitching it to me, what do you personify?
Fashion, fun, excitement, and amazing products.
Do you keep a close eye on the money?
That I bet she does.
You do?
Don't to every what's this -- what's this --
How do you trust men?
It's about someone who has their own thing going on.
You've been with him a couple years?
Over a year now.
Is this true love?
I've never been happier.
Think we may be seeing some real wedding bells soon?
We'll see what happens.
Could you imagine being 35 and not married?
You know, I would love to have a family and children in the next couple of years, definitely.
Do you think he's the one?
I do.
Paris, what 37,000 things are you up to?
.
Seriously?
Yes.
Where?
Around the world.
Is that the game plan?
I think Donald is a brand.
Have you ever seen anything quite like this?
You know, usually when they lie, they sort of hedge it and they dissemble and they find an element that maybe you can quibble over, you know, what that word really meant or what it didn't mean, but he flat-out lied.
Why hasn't he resigned?
He thinks probably he can survive this, if he comes, you know, opens up about it and goes into some sort of therapy, says he's going to have some therapy.
He doesn't know, does he?
I don't know if he knows or if he doesn't.
That would become a criminal matter?
It might be.
And flying ever high, wasn't he?
And, you know, he was on a path to becoming the next mayor of New York City if he would have played his cards right.
I mean, is that dream over for him now?
Probably.
Will the lying be more problematic than the original crime?
It's one of these situations where you're caught so blatantly lying.
Can anybody believe you again?
Well, watching that clip of you and him, he was so credible, really.
In all your time, Wolf, at CNN, have you ever had anyone in political life, with reasonably high office, look you in the eye and lie like Anthony Weiner did?
Well, I was in the Roosevelt Room when Bill Clinton was accused of the Monica Lewinsky.
Are you the barometer for them lying?
In all my years, and most always, you know, there are plenty of liars out there, but they tell the truth, and if they're going to -- they don't blatantly lie as Anthony Weiner did, so specifically.
Do you actually believe that it is material to a man's fitness to preside in high office in American politics as to how he conducts himself in his private life?
I think to most Americans, it is.
Are you a betting man?
No.
If you were, how long would you give him?
I don't know.
Have you ever drunk alcohol?
No.
You don't -- you've never taken drugs?
No.
And presumably, we never -- you never had an affair, because you couldn't have done it?
Of course not.
And you can say that with total non-Schwarzenegger certainty?
Absolutely.
So this is a -- I would say this is one of your trump cards, because when you look at all these politicians at the moment, whether it's Anthony Weiner or it's John Edwards or it's Arnold Schwarzenegger, the one thing we don't have to worry about in America if you're elected president is anything tumbling out of the -- the cupboard, right, Ann?
It better not.
Michael Sitrick, on a scale of one to 10, just how tarnished is Anthony Weiner's reputation right now?
Probably eight.
Is it retrievable?
I think it is.
And one of them was Anthony Weiner, right?
Right.
What does he say to you?
So, he sits down.
Let's make one thing clear, he was single at the time, but did lie to you about what his occupation was?
And he opened the conversation with a lie, at which point I replied, I'm Vicky from England, because, you know, if he wants to play chess, I'll play chess, too.
How would you describe this new era of Facebook/Twitter infidelity?
You know, I think what it does is it provides a forum, a platform, if you like, for people's ability or, you know, voluntary sort of deep insecurities.
Because he says he didn't have any physical contact with these women?
That's a real tough one.
What's your answer?
You know, I think they're morally both pretty --
But is it easy to stand by your mind if in your head and heart you know he wasn't physically unfaithful?
No, because in his mind, he was.
And what is he doing?
The same thing to you.
From a male point of view, what would you say?
Look, I think that -- I think that Weiner felt that he wasn't cheating, that this was -- you know, look, one of the problems with e-mail is people say things in e-mail, thinking that they're not going to be discovered.
Would you seek professional help?
I have not -- you know, I'm going to try to handle this and I haven't ruled out perhaps seeing someone, but I'm not blaming anyone.
Why would he do that?
Well, this is the question everyone shakes their head and ask, when they look at young men of any age behaving such as this.
Is it as serious, do you think, as physical infidelity?
Well, it's interesting that men and women tend to experience this somewhat differently.
Is this a deliberate strategy?
Well, I stopped wearing my suit to be at night.
You have a whole team of people that analyze and debate whether you should wear a tie or not, don't you?
No, not really.
This is politics, you know?
Yes.
Who of all these names do you see as a serious contender at this stage?
Well, they're all serious contenders.
Is there a smoldering volcano?
I have --
-- that we don't know about?
I have Romney genes.
I mean, do you honestly believe that a Republican president would have got America out of that hole any faster?
Absolutely.
-- how is it that America under eight years of the Republicans got themselves into the biggest hole of all time?
Well, I'm not going to speak about all Republicans.
So you would actively distance yourself from the whole Bush years?
Well, a number -- look, a number of the things President Bush did were absolutely right.
This is, it seems to me, your Achilles' heel, the one where you're in most trouble, because when the president, who is a Democrat, starts praising you for your health care plan, that's not good, is it?
Well, I think the president is hoping that we'll be diverted from the fact that ObamaCare is going to get repealed.
But isn't the idea the same?
OMNEY: Let's come -- let's come back.
Isn't the idea the same?
You know, the -- if you say the idea is the same, you've got a 2,700 page bill.
-- they've got to support?
Well, the great news is that when I finally debate President Obama, it will be wonderful, because he won't be able to say I'm some heartless Republican that doesn't care about people.
Do you have any?
-- I -- I point out that there are a number of things in the bill I didn't like, the parts I vetoed.
Do you regret it in the way it played out?
But let me tell you this, which is I know that a lot of people who say my political prospects would be much, much better if I were just to say oh, it was just a mistake, it was a bone-headed idea, I'm so sorry.
Has it worked in Massachusetts?
You know, that's really up to the people of Massachusetts.
Yes, but has it worked?
Well, it's up to the people of Massachusetts.
Has it worked?
The answer is yes.
Has it cost more money each year to implement RomneyCare?
Well, it's about -- I understand it's about one percent of the state budget.
But in terms of the ideology, are Republicans who say that it's wrong to take those who can't afford the insurance, to mandate them into getting some form of insurance, are they wrong?
You said a couple of things there.
Let me ask you then, do you personally think homosexuality is a sin?
Nice try.
Nice try on what?
I'm going to tell you that as a leader of the American people, I will do everything in my power to treat all people with respect and dignity, and to -- and to advance the rights people have to choose their own course in life.
Do you think personally think homosexuality is a sin?
Nice try.
That's a valid question, isn't it?
It's a valid question and my answer is: nice try.
Are you harmless?
I think I'm a pussycat.
Really?
Yes.
It's fun, isn't it?
Great fun.
-- provocative, my kind of girl, right?
Thank you.
-- want power?
No, of course, politicians seek power.
But why is it?
What happened was it was like a three or four step process.
Why didn't you do anything about it?
He tried.
Over eight years?
Yes.
-- blame the Democrats for an eight year regime which does nothing about?
The Democrats pushed this politically or rather financially suicidal loans on the banks, literally allowing unemployment benefits to be used as collateral.
Why didn't your team do something about it?
They did.
What do you think of the bankers now who were bailed out awarding themselves multi -- multi-million dollar bonuses?
I can't stand them.
Why is your instinctive gut reaction to everything I say, even when I'm agreeing with you, why is it always to mention the Democrats?
Well, technically what --
Are you like programmed like a robot?
No, what I'm saying --
-- where is the similar mob to Mussolini's and Hitler's in the modern democratic era?
Well, I would say that there are a lot of similarities to the French Revolution --
The Tea Party?
No.
The nearest thing to it in America?
No, they're much closer to the original Tea Party which -- and actually not as -- not as much of a rabble as the original Tea Party, which, as I point out, the Founding Fathers weren't wild about the original Tea Party, curiously enough, because they were so against mobs.
Oh, the current Tea Party?
Yes.
Well, a lot -- a lot of them aren't the brightest of sparrows, are they?
They're smarter than any liberal.
Do you think so?
Yes.
Do you really think that?
Yes, I do and I --
In your heart?
-- meet them and I speak to them and they get my jokes -- which already makes them smarter than the average liberal.
So that's why you like them, because of their smiles?
Well, it makes them smarter than the average liberal.
What do you think she's said that's inflammatory?
Putting crosshairs on people's heads --
Is that inflammatory?
No.
Every single time I ask you a question, rather than answer about Sarah Palin and crosshairs, you instinctively go, what about the Democrats?
The P.R. is darling.
Would you encourage them to carry on doing it?
Yes.
How do you know?
-- to shoot up a shopping mall.
How do you know?
Because we know that he's out of his mind.
Then what would you think?
Well, what if I --
Do you still think that?
Yes.
Do you really?
Well, no.
You probably know, don't you?
I haven't the first idea.
Do you think she should?
I wouldn't if I were in her shoes, not for president -- maybe senator or something.
Really?
Yes.
Is she dangerous?
No, she's fabulous.
You don't see any fault line in Sarah Palin?
No, I think she's terrific.
Why -- if you see it as such a low down profession, why are you so obsessed with it?
Well --
And you sleep until noon, is this right?
Yes.
That's a bit weird, isn't it?
Well, that's when I get up early.
Will you stop the shameless plugs?
It's out today.
Should he resign?
Yes, I mean, the -- this is the difference between, among many others, among Democrats and Republicans on this.
-- who is defending -- allow me to -- who's defending women?
Well, last week, they're -- your network --
Is he fabulous?
What mobs do is create -- and I have a chapter on this.
Who attacked Breitbart?
You're joking.
Who seriously, on mainstream media, attacked him?
I was traveling all -- all week last week, just a copy out at the beginning.
I mean, because there's not a massive onslaught, is it?
No, basically the entire mainstream media.
-- ever calm down?
Now, you're taking this very long question which I'm trying to give an answer, which is so contradicting --
On Mr. Breitbart, is it not understandable people might be at least skeptical given his track record?
I don't know who exposed Mark Sanford.
Why didn't the Republicans expose Arnold -- Arnold Schwarzenegger?
Good.
Arnold Schwarzenegger?
Nobody said why, damn that "L.A. Times" for exposing this, I don't believe it.
-- what's he still doing there?
-- because he has to hold a press conference because the photos came out.
Do you hallucinate the liberals, seriously?
Do you hallucinate about someone who --
-- clearly sees the world and you aren't grasping it, so you get angry and frustrated and attack that person?
I never get angry.
OULTER: -- doing a story on hacking last week?
Because Anthony Weiner said publicly in an interview with Wolf Blitzer, "I was hacked."
Really?
Yes.
You're 50 in December, are you?
Don't talk about either engagements, Social Security number, age or anything else.
You have never deliberately put the wrong age on a document?
I don't answer questions about myself.
How would you react?
I would be fine with it.
Would you?
I can't imagine being married.
Do you wish you hadn't said it?
No.
Do you feel that?
It was because something was happening that week.
You're still responsible for your words, aren't you?
My responsibility is for making fun of Bill Maher, or making fun of I suppose liberals for not reacting to Bill Maher, for saying this horrible thing about Dick Cheney.
Yeah?
Yeah.
What is the difference?
The difference is if you read this in the full analytical context of where I wrote it, it was manifestly intended as a joke.
Where do you stand on abortion?
The same place I did when I ran for president last time around, which is I'm pro-life and proud to be so.
But you weren't always pro-life?
That's correct.
How do you -- how do you counter that, given your view has changed so dramatically on that one issue?
Well, Ronald Reagan was also pro-choice and then became pro-life.
On how many issues can you do it before you lose credibility?
Well, the issue of great significance that everybody tells me I should just change my mind on and -- and do the politically expedient thing, which is to say that my health care plan was a terrible mistake, I'm not willing to do.
Gay rights?
I've always been in favor of preventing discrimination against people, whether they are homosexual or -- or straight...
Yes, but given that most gays would like the right now to legally get married in -- in many states, you are not in favor of all gay rights, are you?
And at the time when I ran for office, I made that very clear.
Am I right?
-- the gay community -- the gay community changed their perspective as to what they wanted.
What -- what is the gay rights that you're in favor of?
Well, equal rights in -- in employment, equal rights in -- I mean, for instance, as -- as the governor, I had members of my team that were gay.
Does your faith mean that you view homosexuality as a sin?
You know, I -- I -- I still feel quite distinctly matters of personal faith from the leadership that one has in a -- in a political sense, I..
Can you do that?
Absolutely.
Seriously?
You -- you don't begin to apply the doctrines of a religion to responsibility for -- for guiding a nation or for guiding a state.
What is the Mormon position on homosexuality being a sin?
You know, that's something that you can take up with the church.
Do you personally think homosexuality is a sin?
Nice try, but I'm not going to get into --
That's a valid question, isn't it?
It's a valid question and my answer is nice try.
Nice try at what?
I'm going to tell you that as a -- as a leader of the American people, I will do everything in my power to treat all people with respect and dignity and to -- and to advance the rights people have to choose their own course in life.
If you were made president, you wouldn't make any pronouncements whatsoever of a personal nature about any form of personal behavior?
Well, I -- I'm not quite sure what -- what you're referring to...
Given that so many politicians, at the moment, are being hit by scandal, anything we don't know about Mitt?
Well, you know, after 42 years of marriage, you know a person pretty -- pretty well.
Were you each other's first proper partners?
Well, for sure, I hope it was me, because --
Really?
-- as a senior in high school.
Would you like to elaborate on this?
He dated all of my girlfriends.
Seriously?
I was extremely wary.
Don't I wish?
Now it -- now it's all coming out.
Have you ever drunk alcohol?
No.
You don't -- you've never taken drugs?
No.
And presumably, we never -- you never had an affair, because you couldn't have done it?
Of course not.
And you can say that with total non-Schwarzenegger certainty?
Absolutely.
So this is a -- I would say this is one of your trump cards, because when you look at all these politicians at the moment, whether it's Anthony Weiner or it's John Edwards or it's Arnold Schwarzenegger, the one thing we don't have to worry about in America if you're elected president is anything tumbling out of the -- the cupboard, right, Ann?
It better not.
Well, you suffer from multiple sclerosis?
That's right.
And you -- and you've also had to fight cancer?
And breast cancer, as well.
Would you -- would you go along with that?
Absolutely.
He's a man of passion?
Definitely.
And, I mean, do you want to join in with Here, Mitt?
Well, my -- my sons, unfortunately, refer to something known as a Mitt-frontation.
So you can lose your temper?
Oh, yes.
Quite explosive when he goes?
You know, I -- you know, I will say as both of us have gotten older, you certainly hope you mature.
But what do they also call -- what do they call me?
Oh, Ann is the -- the Mitt stabilizer.
That must worry you, doesn't it?
It doesn't worry me.
And Governor, if -- if America managed to bring itself to vote for its first ever African-American president, do you believe that the mood now is right to potentially vote for its first Mormon president?
You know, I really don't think many people in this country make their vote based upon someone's religion.
What do you make of this?
It's a tough go for this guy, yes.
Can you survive if you don't have credibility and don't have trust in the public office?
You tell me.
He should go, you think?
Well, I don't know how you would get up and start to represent your constituents with no credibility and no trust.
Is it the lying that has made it a completely unsurvivable scandal?
Neither event is pretty, particular all the photos out there.
When you go through it though, when you are the subject of headlines like this, what's it like?
It's no fun.
So, actually, honesty, when you're caught, is the best way with all these things?
Everything.
Would that formula you deployed then for G.E., would that work for America as -- if you viewed it as a corporation?
Yes.
Or do you think the actual answer with China is to be more competitive by giving them what they need?
Out-innovating them is the way to beat China.
Why aren't there more Steve Jobses being created in America?
That is a great question.
What are the rules?
I want to come back and ask you how we get the uncertainty out of the game.
Do you share his faith, Jack?
With the right policies, certainly do.
What went so catastrophically wrong that meant that we had this terrible financial crisis?
So many things can be attributed to what caused the problem, but certainly lots of money available too easy.
Is that because greed kicks in?
No, I don't think it's so much greed.
Who was most to blame?
Boy, that's a hard one.
I mean, who were the main culprits here from a business perspective?
Well, I would have cleaned out anybody in the mortgage business who put faulty mortgages together.
Should some of these people have gone to jail?
I'm not -- I'm not qualified to pick that, whether that's true or not.
If you'd been running Goldman Sachs, would you have allowed the multimillion dollar bonuses to be paid out after the bailout for the next few years?
Look, there's a culture in Wall Street, I own (INAUDIBLE) -- which is one of the worst moments in my life.
He said, this won't hurt my bonus, will it?
All he cared about.
Should they have done it?
Well, I mean --
So I'm not going to get drabbed into that one, OK?
But it's interesting that you even hesitate, because you've been a big supporter previously, I'll grant you that, of allowing people to be paid what they should get in the marketplace.
It's wrong, isn't it?
Seems to be.
When she says something like that, does it worry you she might have her finger on the nuclear trigger within a couple years?
I wouldn't support her for president.
You think she'd be dangerous?
I just wouldn't support her for president.
Why not?
I don't think she has the gravitas or the international depth or a lot of things.
And you think it's because of that she's getting support?
Well, I mean, people follow her.
Do you see anybody emerging on the Republican side who is the kind of ladder that you're looking for?
You know, Piers, this is a great question, because if you asked me that a month ago, I would have said, well, Mitt Romney might be best guy, et cetera -- the most obvious guy.
I mean, you're a Republican, right?
Yes, absolutely.
But in your heart, do you think he can beat someone like Obama?
I'm going to find out over the next 15 months -- hopefully, the next six to nine months because they're going to pick somebody in the primary.
Why do you think he's doing that?
He likes what he says.
When you look at countries like China, India, Brazil, so on, these emerging superpowers, economic powerhouses, how should America deal with this threat, which they've never had to face before?
They ought to talk about them.
What is the right way to deal with China?
Out innovate them, which we can do, which we do all the time.
Do they scare you or excite you, the Chinese?
Excite me.
How do you feel about being a cute old dude, Jack?
I don't like the old part of it.
The trick is not to let anybody see then, right?
Hide them.
That true?
Something like that.
Not bad, is it?
For a kid from Salem that went through a 50 dollar a semester college, a hell of a country, huh.
Does money make you happy?
No.
Why isn't it recognizing that this is probably the big problem?
We're manufacturing lots of great -- we don't want to manufacture t-shirts.
What about, for example, very heavy big plant machinery and ship it to China, where they really need it?
We are.
Are we doing enough?
We're doing tons of it.
Isn't that where you could see real growth?
ELCH: We're seeing it.
Would you like to se more companies like that?
Of course we do.
Is that one of the answers, one of the solutions?
Yes, one of the solutions is that.
Are we getting enough of this ideology at the moment in America?
Yes, I think we are.
What's your experience of doing business with the Chinese?
Well, it's a -- they do it their way.
Were you surprised by the Warren Buffett affair recently, when his top guy had to leave in what were pretty unethical circumstances?
Warren will never understand that, nor will others.
Were you surprised that he allowed it to happen?
Warren runs a very decentralized company.
Do you think if you'd been in his shoes and a top, top executive, running the show for you comes to you and says what that guy said to Warren Buffett, wouldn't alarm bells go off?
They did go off for Warren.
Do you enjoy your acting?
It was my big moment in the sun, I'll tell you.
Best businessman in the world right now?
One of them.
Who's been to you the most inspirational over all the years, all the business people you've met?
Not one.
Now, what have I done?
I love Fergie, it's a great name.
Did you really do it?
I did.
Did she really?
She came to Wall Street and she sang for the Sarah Ferguson Foundation.
What was Sarah like before the royal experience began?
Well, I actually was thinking before I came on this show that actually Sarah is the same sitting here as she was then, she just made a few road changes and changed course a few times.
That's when you first met him?
Yes.
And do you remember that moment?
Yes, very well.
When you first started actually dating him, did you have any comprehension of what you were getting yourself into?
Well, Piers, I think the word "dating" is kind of interesting because when you go -- when you date a prince back in those long years ago, 26 years ago, it's not -- you can't actually go on a date.
As fast as that?
As fast as that.
What was that moment like?
Let me go back in time.
Do you think he knew what you were going to be immersed in?
He had a much better idea than I did, I think.
Do you think they've learned from what they saw you go through, how to play negative media perhaps a little better than you were able to because they saw the way to do it well and the way maybe not to do it so well?
Well, Piers, you know what's so great is they have got a great role model of mistakes to follow.
Oh, isn't it?
I think it's more of a -- it's a cultural thing.
But that experience, when it turned, what was that like for you?
Well, I think that I believed the good press for the two years before then -- so, I was believing my own press, which is the most dangerous thing you can do, isn't it, because now I know.
When there was a point of no return, did you think?
The thing about Andrew is that really our love is so strong.
I mean, is it completely unthinkable that one day the two of you could actually get back together?
Well, I think that -- as I said, we're a very modern fairy tale.
What are your biggest regrets, as the marriage fell apart and the press dived in, and all these exposes about you and your life, what for you personally were the things you most regret now doing in that period?
Every minute of my day, I have to work on regret now, Piers, every day, because I regret divorcing and I regret that I wasn't more aware.
Do you feel ashamed of your behavior in that period?
I think --
Or do you feel it was kind of a consequence of all the attacks on you?
I think looking back -- of course, with having worked with Dr. Phil and Suze Orman and Martha Beck and Oprah, looking back -- goodness, with the awareness I have now, yes, I feel so totally ashamed.
When you saw that front page, what went through your mind?
Well, I remember seeing it and just going, "Oh, no, Sarah."
And that's when Carolyn, my best friend in the world -- do you remember Carolyn?
Yes.
How did Andrew react when he saw that?
Well, like he always reacts when anything is written or anything is said about me or the girls, complete solidarity to his family.
Of all the royals over the years, who have been the most supportive to you?
Well, I think like anybody who divorces a family member, it's -- you know, you mustn't ever expect to be invited.
How did you feel that day watching it all?
Well, Piers, I was in Thailand at a place called Kamilayah (ph).
So it's pretty good here, isn't' it?
Your girls were great that day.
That charity is very dear to your heart, isn't it?
Yes, very dear.
What was she like, Diana?
Well, before she got married, I called her Dutch, because she was born for it, you know, born to be a princess.
Do you remember her wit?
She was hilarious.
What was that about?
Well, we don't really know.
Where were you when you heard that she died?
I was in Italy.
How would she have felt on the royal wedding day, do you think, watching her boy, William going down the aisle?
ERGUSON: Honestly, total pride, total pride.
Be honest here, knowing her well, what do you think she would have made of Kate?
I think they -- I don't know except they would have been the best friends.
Pretty impressive Kate, isn't she?
I take my hat off to her.
Do you worry about the pressure that you know she's going to be facing?
I think she's able to cope with it.
I think so, don't you think?
Totally.
When you realized that -- what was happening to the people in there and you realized how close you came to being one of them, what was going through your mind?
I think my friend who helped me with the charity, Johnny -- I think Johnny has never really got over it, because he just couldn't believe it, because that was his world, you know.
When William and Kate go to Hollywood, it's going to be pretty crazy, isn't it?
I think it's going to be amazing.
You didn't remember it very often, did you?
No, I didn't.
Would you like to find a new Mr. Right in your life?
I always say when you've had the best, forget the rest, you know.
We can do CNN dateline?
Yes.
How did you find it?
He just crushed it, Matthew.
ORGAN: Did you enjoy it?
I did, yes.
Have you ever met one who isn't?
No.
Well, now when you say powerful, what do you mean by that?
Well as in somebody who's not necessarily in the entertainment game, he's not famous as a celebrity but has real power.
And they say they don't want any of it?
Well, they go like and hang on about how awful fame is and they moan away about it all.
But, I've seen you beyond this a few times saying, you know what -- everybody wants to be famous, right?
ACON: Well, yes.
It's exactly how I would be feeling, if I had made 50 films of the quality you have and I still haven't had my moment, seeing some of the clowns that walk away with those gardens (ph) -- I mean, it's going to get to you, isn't it?
Here's the thing -- I mean, I don't act for statues.
Was that a joke?
I was kidding.
How did you get caught -- how did you get caught up in the whole Madoff thing?
You know, it was recommended that we -- we put, you know, some money with him and we did.
Have you said how much?
No.
I mean, at the absolute peak of your time with Madoff, how much did you think you had?
ACON: I'd rather not say.
Without giving the amount, what was the percentage of -- of your wealth that was committed to this?
Wow, that's a good question.
I mean, this is horrendous, isn't it?
It wasn't good.
What was the moment you knew that this was all going belly up?
Got a call, you know.
Did you get any money back at all?
Yes.
In terms of a life realignment -- what did it do to you and your wife and as a family do you think, in terms of how you now look at life?
Well, I think that it's a good way to think about what you have to be grateful for.
I mean, you -- you've done well, haven't you?
Yes, she's a knockout.
Clay Bertrand?
Yes, Clay.
Sexual purposes?
Well, yes.
Did he pay you for this?
Twenty dollars each time.
What was Hollywood like when you go through the dry out process?
Well, it's tough.
When you've tasted some real glory?
Well, you know, there's -- there's a great line in a -- that Martin Short has in a movie that we're doing -- he plays my agent and things aren't -- I'm a -- I'm a director in the movie and things aren't going well and his -- his character says, "Well, frankly everyone wants to distance themselves from the stench."
Only six?
Yes, it's six degrees.
How about that?
Fascinating.
That idea?
Well, the charitable way that you've done this.
Do you see evidence that it works?
Well, yes.
When you make people think like that?
Well, I mean, I think that we have a long way to go in terms of our specific site.
Pretty cool, right?
Yes.
How did you meet?
Well, the truth is, is that I was doing a play down in the Village in -- a real long time ago, and I had a matinee and an evening performance and during -- after the matinee, I went to the deli and I was buying a sandwich.
ORGAN: What -- and how did you then get together?
Well, then, years later --
Years later?
Yes.
But has she said she harbored some weird thought about you since that deli moment?
No.
Did you know she was the one?
Yes.
What is -- what is the reason why so many show business marriages flounder, do you think?
Well, I'd never actually seen the statistics that there's any more divorce in show business than there is in any other thing.
How have you managed to resist the lure of the groupie, for lack of a better phrase?
Well, I mean, I don't -- I don't know.
How would you feel if your kids wanted to get into the business?
Well, you know, it's weird.
You know?
I've heard you don't ever watch your films.
You never rewatch an old movie?
No.
Why?
Just there's so much that I feel like I wish I'd done differently that it's kind of like torture.
Really?
Yeah.
You're such a perfectionist that you just see so many things you wish you'd done in a different way?
Yeah.
And it's just too much agony, you can't watch it?
Yeah.
What is the one Kevin Bacon movie, if I forced you to watch again at gunpoint, you would watch?
Oh.
Is that the dream role for you?
Yeah.
Well, you don't -- you're not happy you're middle-aged until, I guess, you're middle-aged because what other choice do you have?
Well, exactly.
What?
That's a terrible gift.
Have any of you three discussed colonoscopies with your friends over a few beers?
Oh, yeah.
Really?
Well, I got that idea because I saw on the -- either Letterman or whatever.
Are you sort of resistant to be tagged with them here?
Well, you know, I mean, in my mind I'm not above, you know, five and twenty.
What's the worst thing about getting middle-aged?
It's not bad at all.
Why?
Well, I think we really appreciate it.
Or do you see some negatives in the aging process?
Well, I don't -- I keep -- my biggest problem is I think that I'm still -- I'm not middle-aged and that I'm 20 years younger.
You don't age as much in the mirror, do you?
Well, you mentally feel it.
How am I old?
Andre talked about you learn about life more, so when you get to middle age, you can almost appreciate the reality of life.
Is that something -- do you learn enough that you start to appreciate what life really is?
Well, you get perspective.
What's been the biggest mistake you've ever made?
Whoa.
Ray?
I hope it's a good one because we could use a story idea.
Or do you have genuine look back and think, yeah, that was a deciding moment?
I regret things hour to hour, you know.
What are you talking about?
The one with all the women.
Why not?
When you were falling about laughing there watching your own show, which is always encouraging.
You quite like this new stage of your life, right?
I do.
If you could give advice to a 16-year-old Ray Romano, what would you tell him?
Oh lord.
A 16-year-old Ray Romano?
Yeah.
What kind of thing?
Oh, I had in my 20s, I didn't know what I wanted to do, and my brother had just gotten married, and he moved out of the house.
Had one in the 30s too?
Yeah, I had like a very anxiety-ridden, and I had a little emotional struggle there for like a year or two in my 20s.
Scott, what would you say, if you were talking to a young Scott, what would you tell him?
Oh, a young Scott.
You must have had some wild days?
I'm being quiet now.
How important is it to find the right woman?
It's essential, I think.
Do you Twitter?
No, I do not Twitter.
Who would you say?
I would say from the past, or not even -- Sophia Loren.
Any of you going to go for the classic middle aged crisis?
I'll go for Marilyn Monroe.
Can I take Marilyn?
None of you are going for the classic stereotypical middle aged crisis woman.
Why did he get Sophia Loren?
She is still alive.
Really?
It was movie that never came out.
Really?
But I watch it every night.
I mean, but is it like all things in comedy, especially those running things, is it the simpler the idea, often, the more effective it is?
Yes, yes.
Who are you most likely to write a thank you note to right now as a comedian -- Anthony Weiner or Arnold Schwarzenegger?
Oh, my gosh!
Tough, right?
Both have been great to me.
But for you guys, I mean, brilliant, isn't it?
ALLON: It's the best for us.
I honestly, purposely have not gone to therapy because I know some crazy stuff's going to be dragged up and, you know, I'll be like, wait, what?
But instinctively your protective shield is comedy.
You don't really want to answer that question, do you?
No, I mean, I guess it is.
How can "The Tonight Show" start tomorrow?
The tomorrow show, yes, exactly.
Why weren't you that popular?
I don't know.
Were you drawn to the absurd and the potentially comedic always?
I think so.
I don't -- wasn't anybody drive in New York anyway?
I mean, yes, you don't have to.
Did you have a happy childhood?
It was so happy.
Did you?
Yes.
And apart from the hair, which was outrageous -- what do you think when you watch that?
The striped shirt.
Did you love that buzz of laughter coming from people?
I think that was the thing.
Yes?
At some stage in my life, I can do that with you.
And we asked Brian if he would do it just Brian Williams and he, you know?
Of course.
When you actually discovered you had the possibility of being on it, what was that moment like for you?
I think it was like -- you know, I actually auditioned for the show -- I dropped out of school -- college and I went to L.A. to join the Gramlings (ph) which is like the second city of L.A. like improv troupe and learned how to act and act with other people, because when you do standup comedy you don't know how to act with other people because you're on stage by yourself.
Why would you do that?
Well, you know, you start a show -- a publicist, you know, they control the actors, what publicity they do.
What really makes you laugh?
I like -- of course, I love comedians, any comedian.
What kind of things?
British humor.
You know those guys?
I do, yes, yes.
And that's your trademark, I think, isn't it?
I think that's my thing.
I mean, indisputably, he's endlessly entertaining, isn't he, in all guises?
He's a smart, smart businessman.
So, when you get a situation that arose in the way that it did and it creates this awful chasm between them, how do you feel about that?
It's almost like watching like your family fight.
Where do you think the real problem lay in all that?
ALLON: I don't know.
Was it -- was it as simple as when Jay was number one, NBC saying to him, you've got five more years, then you have to stop, without thinking in five years' time you might still be number one?
I think that's bizarre in the first place.
Do you blame Jay for anything that happened?
No, I don't blame Jay.
Are you a frustrated movie star because you've got the kind of looks for it and you've had a standup movie?
I don't think I have the look for it, to be honest, to be a leading man.
What I find odd about standup comedians or anyone who's done that is how you ever have the patience for movies?
I don't like it.
What you working on there dude?
I got this report that I have to do for next Friday.
What?
Sheen.
I mean, hard work because these sketches aren't easy to do, are they?
No.
Is he winning?
Adonis DNA.
Is any part of what's happened with Charlie winning, do you think?
No.
Have you had a moment in your life -- not Charlie Sheen- esque, but have you ever got into boozing, drugs, any of the kind of pitfalls that follow comedians, entertainers?
Drinking I think is probably the closest I've come to doing anything.
What's been the most excited you've been about a guest that's come on your show?
Bruce Springsteen.
Was he great in real life?
I don't believe in that thing you should never meet your heroes.
Your wife?
I'd be nothing without my wife.
Is she a good critic of your -- of your work?
Yes.
Does she live there?
She lives in New York.
Do you find it funny?
I called her.
Can we expect any little Fallons on the way?
I mean, there might be some right now.
How would you feel if you had a child with no sense of humor?
It's impossible.
Do you mind?
Well, I feel unnerved by this, but I'll do it.
You sure about that?
Yes.
Can you do what you're good at, please?
Yes.
Did he do that to you?
You'll to have to ask him.
Why are you reluctant to say?
Because we have a show we're doing and it just -- I just don't want to say any incriminating things that will go to make it harder to kind of make peace.
What was your reaction today when he finally resigned?
It's pretty sad, because obviously he's an intelligent guy.
Were you surprised by the tone of it?
I was surprised that he did it, frankly, to begin with.
Andrew Breitbart, I mean, do you feel vindicated today and do you have any sympathy for Anthony Weiner?
Yes, I do feel vindicated.
How do they best deal with this kind of thing?
Well, there's several questions there.
Why is that?
No, you don't.
I mean, Andrew, if you had the same information right now -- and for all I know, you may well do -- on one of your own, a Republican, would you have gone after him with the same enthusiasm?
I'm not sure about the same enthusiasm, but I probably would have gone after him.
And how much damage has it caused, if any?
I think it has caused damage to the Democrats because in these three weeks, they were really thinking they had a little roll going on Medicare, spending and other issues, taxes.
Do I think it's a good idea?
Yes.
Will you quiet down?
I want my $200.
Tatum, how are you?
I'm well.
What do you feel about that?
Like I've always thought you were part of our family.
Do you have an overwhelming sense of relief -- both of you, do you think, that at least you manage to get back to somewhere, even if it's not perfect yet?
Exactly.
How did you feel when he asked you over for Father's Day?
'NEAL: I felt like I would be there for him because it's Father's Day and a day our show launches.
Have you watched it together yet?
No.
When you see that, do you wish sometime you had never been pushed into that world?
I don't really think about that.
Do you still watch it?
Of course.
Do you?
Oh, yes, with my daughter.
About him?
Let's focus on you.
How much of the drugs played a part in the down side of your life?
'NEAL: I would say 98 percent.
How did you get them?
They were round.
And what was the drug?
First pot.
Did he do that to you?
You'll have to ask him.
Why are you reluctant to say?
Because we have a show we're doing and it just -- I just don't want to say incriminating things that are going to make it harder to kind of make peace and have healing.
The one when you felt most ashamed?
Obviously, like you showed, the arrest.
How did you get into heroin?
Through a friend, a person after my divorce.
Do you still call them friend?
No.
And what do you think?
I feel good about myself.
How can this be the crazy Tatum O'Neal?
Thank you for saying that.
Do you think you're winning the battle?
I know I'm winning the battle.
How long have you been clean now?
I've been sober for a year now.
Are you proud of yourself?
Like beyond.
So how could I not be proud?
You should be proud.
First, what's your view of Weiner-Gate and (INAUDIBLE), really?
First, it is really sad, because he was a really -- kind of an ambitious -- really ambitious, up and coming congressman, who wanted to be mayor.
Do you recognize that kind of self-destruct button?
Yeah.
What's the best way for any addict to try and deal with it once this has all been blown up like it has?
There are so many different ways now.
What did you find was the best way?
For me, a 12 step program worked for me.
Did it save your life?
I know it is saving my life a day at a time, for sure.
How do you physically feel these days?
Amazing.
Do you miss drugs?
Not even a little bit.
Are you surprised at that?
I'm grateful.
You did?
Oh, yeah.
Did you ever get mad at her?
No.
And I was looking at her pictures and thinking, gosh, how I am a going to compete?
One of the most beautiful women in the world, of course.
Did you have any real relationship with her for a long time?
Just that one that I write about in my book, where I went to talk to her while she knew she was sick in her apartment, and got to kind of talk to her.
Was she sorry to you for what had happened?
No.
Do you think she was the love of your dad's life?
'NEAL: Well, I think so.
Is this true?
Well, if you know my dad, and you'll get to meet him, you'll sort of see that he is just always joking and stuff.
How are you?
The word awkward could have been invented for that moment.
Is he basically just an incurable romantic, do you think, your dad?
Totally.
He loves women?
You're so right.
Do you know how old I was when I married him?
Twenty two.
So do you think I had like the full idea of what I was doing in my life?
This was a guy smashing rackets and shouting "you cannot be serious".
How do you get on these days?
We get on as well as a divorced couple who have three grown kids can.
Do you talk regularly?
No.
Do you talk to your ex-wife regularly?
Every day.
Really?
No.
Six years ago?
Maybe two.
Two years ago?
Yeah.
Whose decision was it to end the marriage?
Mine.
How did he take that?
Not well.
What's your love life like these days?
Oh, I don't have any love life.
Zero?
Zero.
Are you looking for a man?
No, I'm really not.
What kind of man do you think now you ought to be with?
Maybe a gentle, smart, loving person.
Would you like to?
I think so.
Wouldn't it?
Yes, I think so.
How on earth do you do so much?
Well, I just put one foot in front of the other and keep it moving.
Put family aside for one moment, professionally, if I could offer you the chance to just do one of those things everyday?
Oh my goodness.
What do you think is the one thing you love most?
I think that's been my curse, that I can't really find that one thing that keeps me content and happy.
Right, but what about professionally?
Music.
What was it like for you growing up in a single parent household?
Very hard.
No money, really?
We didn't have a lot of money.
Is she as kick-ass as you are?
MITH: Yes, probably even more so.
What did she teach you, your mother, in terms of value, do you think?
I think the endurance.
From your father?
From my father and, you know, having been raised by a young mother who was really trying to find her way as well as having a little girl by her side.
Did he get better as he got older?
I would say that before he passed, we had an opportunity to find common ground.
Did you forgive him?
I forgive him now.
ORGAN: What do you think you get from him in terms of your personality?
My creative mind.
And for your mother, I mean, what does she make of this, absurd way that your life has turned since those early days?
I think she's amazed, you know, and it doesn't stop.
Does she worry about you?
She worries when I work too hard.
Hello?
NIDENTIFIED MALE: (SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
You sure you got the right number?
I'll make this meeting with Morrisey quick.
Well you just make sure you keep my side of the bed warm, OK?
No, what's mine is yours.
I mean, it all happens on that show, doesn't it?
Yes.
What does the other man in your life, the one sitting opposite you right now, what does he make of all that?
He --
He produces it with you, right?
Yes, he does and I think it --
Can you watch him do it?
I can.
Are you going to ask me when we come back?
When we come back.
What do you think of that?
I would say that's pretty much on the nose.
Much more than people might think?
Yes, definitely.
You didn't make it easy, did you?
No, I didn't.
Well, what made you fall in love with him?
I would say Will came at a time in my life where he saw beauty in me that I didn't see in myself at the time.
Is that true?
I mean, we make love in some interesting places.
Is that a fault?
It can be at times but it's not like a crushing fault, but you said, one thing and I gave you one.
Do you ever scream at each other?
MITH: No, we don't scream at each other.
Who's the boss?
Both of us.
Do you ever get concerned about having kids go down your route so young?
It's interesting because when I think about the pressures that I had growing up, you know, living in a drug infested neighborhood.
And when I see these young people, we often get criticized for encouraging them to be stars, but when you hear a Jackie Evancho or someone who is so incredibly gifted, and my first question is, show me the parents?
Right.
Are you?
Yes, I really do.
Does it help because you look 25?
Well, thank you.
What's the thing you'd be proudest of, do you think?
MITH: I don't know.
But why have you become such a popular adviser, guru, relationship adviser?
Well, to be honest with you, man, that's really not what I am, you know.
What are the principles of manhood?
Well, first of all, it's not what is being put out there today in our music and our videos.
ORGAN: Is your mentoring program aimed primarily at young black men or is it wider than that?
Well, it was set up to be wider than that, but because I promote it on my radio show, 97 to 98 percent of the kids that end up at the program are African-American.
And if so, what is it?
I mean, absolutely.
What values did he give you?
He taught me hard work.
What would he have made of what you have made of yourself?
Well, I think my father would be proud of me right now, you know.
What would he have scolded you for?
You know, I think a couple relationships he would have wanted me to get it together a little sooner, because my mother and father was married for 64 years.
What would you say to yourself?
It's kind of OK, because what I've learned about mistakes and failures is that they're not just complete wipeouts.
You played that one?
I know that you didn't want to have the bad stuff, but that was a nice line.
If you had your time again in that relationship, what would you do differently to try to stop that from happening?
I don't know that I could because I just think, you know, it was at a bad time for me.
Is that how you see it?
I mean, exactly, man.
Do you think that you're now married for life?
Oh, yeah.
Do you believe inside you this is it?
Definitely.
What was it, do you think, you were really look for in a woman?
What I have now.
Which is what?
I have a woman who wakes up who's completely happy with herself.
Really?
Yeah.
Then why are my husband and my pool man looking for his and his bathroom towels?
You know, could have been worse.
Tell me, in all your kind of studies for these books and things, is your conclusion that interracial relationships, marriages, should be encouraged or not encouraged?
Well, I mean, for my take on everything, I think people should find love, whatever that is.
As a member of the male species, why the hell would you tell women what we really mean?
Because, see -- there's nothing in it for you.
Scented candles?
Yeah.
Reading about love and relationships?
You.
Do you?
Yeah.
Did he do that to you?
You'll to have to ask him.
Why are you reluctant to say?
Because we have a show we're doing and it just -- I just don't want to say any incriminating things that are going to make it harder to kind of make peace.
Will you quiet down, you hear?
I want my $200!
Tatum, how are you?
I'm well.
How do you feel about that?
Well, I've always thought you were a part of our family.
Do you have an overwhelming sense of relief, both of you, do you think, that at least you've managed to get back to somewhere even if it's not perfect yet?
Exactly.
How did you feel when he asked you over for Father's Day?
I felt like I would be there for him because it's Father's Day and it's the day our show launches and it seemed like the right thing to do.
Have you watched it together yet?
No.
When you see that little girl in "Paper Moon" -- a role that changed your life -- when you see that, do you wish sometimes you'd never been pushed into that world?
I don't really think about that.
Do you ever -- do you still watch it every now and again?
Of course and "What's Up Doc?"
Really?
Oh, yes, with my daughter.
About him?
Let's focus on you.
About me?
Yes.
How much have the drugs played a part in the downside of your life?
I would say 98 percent.
How did you get them?
They were around.
People's houses?
People's houses.
And what was the drug?
First pot, then Quaaludes, I think, and then -- first alcohol actually, and then, you know, it just led on and on.
Did he do that to you?
You'll have to ask him.
Why are you reluctant to say?
Because we have a show we're doing and it just -- I just don't want to say any incriminating things that are going to make it harder to kind of make peace and have a healing.
What have been your worst moments involving drugs when you look back, the ones where you felt most ashamed?
Well, obviously like you showed, the arrest, that was terrible.
How did you get to heroin?
Through a friend, a person, after my divorce.
Still call him friend?
'NEAL: No.
When you look at yourself now, what do you see and what do you think?
I feel good about myself.
I thought, well, this is a very attractive, normal-looking woman, how can this be the crazy Tatum O'Neal?
Thank you for saying that.
Do you think you're winning the battle?
I know I'm winning the battle.
How long have you been clean now?
I've been sober for a year now.
And are you proud of that, yourself?
Like beyond.
Do you recognize that kind of self-destruct button?
Yes.
What's the best way for any addict to try and deal with it once this has all been blown up like it has?
There are so many different ways now.
What did you find was the best way?
For me, a 12-step program worked for me.
Did it save your life, do you think?
I know it's saving my life a day at a time, for sure.
How do you physically feel these days?
Amazing.
Do you miss drugs?
Not even -- not even a little bit.
Are you surprised at that?
I'm grateful.
And did you feel not a sense of abandonment but something like that?
I felt the sense of abandonment.
You did?
Oh, yes.
Did you ever get mad at her?
No.
And I was sort of like, you know, looking at her pictures and thinking, gosh, you know, how I am going to kind of compete?
She was one of the most beautiful women in the world, of course.
Did you have any real relationship with her for a long time?
Just that one that I write about in my book, where I went to talk to her while she knew she was sick in her apartment, and got to kind of talk to her.
Was she sorry to you for what had happened?
No.
Do you think she was the love of your dad's life?
Well, I think so.
Is this true?
Well, if you know my dad, and you'll get to meet him, you'll sort of see that he is just always joking and stuff.
Is he basically just an incurable romantic, do you think, your dad?
Totally.
He loves women?
You're so right.
What was it like walking around with Ryan O'Neal after "Love Story"?
It was fun.
What was the most exciting thing you ever did, when you look back at it, wow?
I did some fun things with my ex-husband as well.
Was he any good, George?
Yes, and nice, gosh, he was so nice.
Good tennis player?
Yes.
He even destroyed George Harrison's game?
Well, he was sort of giving a little lesson to Ben, his son, who is now grown.
Who left the biggest impression on you?
So far I honestly would have to say Oprah.
Really?
Yes.
Really?
I would have, but I think I was...
You must be offended, aren't you?
Listen, when I saw him with the Faces, it was 1975.
Where was he taking you?
He was taking me to the car because I was sleeping because I was 11.
Why do you think that it never really happened in the way it should have done?
I'm not really sure.
What are you suspicions?
I wouldn't tell you, because they're my suspicions, so I'm not going to say it on national television.
Would you like to be in a movie again?
'NEAL: I think I would like to be working in a way that was just where I would be considered kind of thing.
Do you get offers at the moment, or are people still a little wary?
Well, for -- I think people are wary.
Would you employ yourself right now?
I would totally employ myself.
When you walk around, what reaction do you get from the public these days?
Oh, I get a lot of women saying, we love you, Tatum.
Are you on Twitter?
Yes.
You're not following me?
Well, I will now.
What's your address?
@Tatum_Oneal.
And when come back, I want to ask you on that same theme, really, do you think you're going to live happily ever after now?
I'm Don Lemon live in New York.
Well, do you know how old I was when I married him?
Twenty-two.
How do you get on these days?
We get on as well as a divorced couple who have three grown kids can.
Do you talk regularly?
No.
Do you talk to your ex-wife regularly?
Every day.
Really?
No.
Six years ago?
Maybe two.
Two years ago?
Yes.
Whose decision was it to end the marriage?
Mine.
How did he take that?
Not well.
What's your love life like these days?
Oh, I don't have any love life.
Zero?
Zero.
Are you looking for a man?
No, I'm really not.
What kind of man do you think now you ought to be with?
Maybe a gentle, smart, loving person.
Would you like to?
I think so.
Wouldn't it?
Yes, I think so.
Do you?
Yes, I do.
Did he do that to you?
You'll have to ask him.
Why are you reluctant to say?
Because we have a show we're doing and it just -- I just don't want to say any incriminating things that are going to make it harder to kind of make peace and have it appealing.
Do you ever watch it?
No.
When was the last time?
Last night.
Why?
Yes.
Is that true?
Yes.
I could have had you?
She's aged a lot better.
When you look back, if you were your own biggest critic here, what would you say you were like as a father?
Great.
Really?
Absolutely.
Do you?
Yes, I do.
When you look back on what happened, when did you start to see things just go wrong, do you think?
Tatum and I were enormously close.
You probably thought, too bad for him but pretty good for me, right?
Not really.
And she was the love of your life?
Yes.
What would you do differently?
Well, I was getting pulled.
If you had your time again, what would you do differently to try and resolve it?
I would have done something differently because I hate how it went.
But she never did?
Never did.
Do you really believe that?
I think it's highly possible.
Really?
I do.
Why?
Because one felt very neglected and left out.
How did you feel about that?
It was OK, except Farrah said she blames you.
Did you ever say sorry to Tatum?
Many times.
How did that make you feel?
It was horrible.
Do you believe that?
I know of one.
Do you still think that?
Uh-huh.
When was that?
That was several weeks before the funeral.
How do I look?
Not good.
Tatum is?
Yes.
How are you coping without Farrah?
You know, Farrah was a very strong presence in my life.
What can you say to him?
I say to him that's not what she wants.
Do you like movies?
I don't go very often.
Do you have one in you?
Sure.
Why not?
I don't know.
After "Love Story" became this huge, global hit?
Look, I did "What's Up Doc" and that was a huge success.
Do you think you have a temper?
Yes, sure.
How much of that do you blame yourself for?
Well, we have the genetic makeup.
Do you have any relationship with him?
No.
He is your flesh and blood?
I don't know, I'm going to get DNA.
Did you go to the hospital after that?
No.
You didn't go?
No, I had the limo pick them up, because that could be much faster.
It is true?
Not around them.
Did he do that to you?
You'll have to ask him.
Why are you reluctant to say?
Because we have a show we're doing and I don't want to say incriminating that are going to make it harder to kind of make peace and have a healing.
Doesn't it?
It doesn't hurt, no.
Can it?
She had a career.
OK?
You said this before we watched the clip, though, that there were drugs around when they were young.
Could they have been taking them without you know something?
They could have been taking it, yes.
But you did give them to Griffin?
No, no, but he had access.
'NEAL: Oh, the future?
Yeah.
Do you feel positive about it?
Yeah.
You think you can?
Uh-huh, I do.
How would you like to be remembered?
It was a childhood -- children and a man to men.
And what was he physically doing to you?
He was beating me.
Was it Michael dying that motivated you to write this new book?
No, actually, Piers, I started writing this book in 2008, and I kept writing and kept writing and there was always something that was coming up that prevented me from actually putting it out.
You did?
Yes.
Oh yes, everything changes, doesn't it?
-- down it came.
Do you think he -- if he had lived, would he have ever had a chance to start over, Michael, do you think?
That's -- that's what hurts me more than anything else because he could have started over.
How has it been for you starting over?
It was a very difficult task for me to start over because there were so many different interruptions when I was about to start over, and I would have to put everything on the back burner but I think that in everybody's life we go through different journeys and different paths and it doesn't always take us the way that we think it's going to take us.
Yes, isn't she adorable?
She is.
Jan would say that, wouldn't she?
And I thought --
I mean, for all of you it's been very, very tough surviving that period, isn't it?
Well, I think what it is, Piers, is that when you grow up in the spotlight that everything is magnetized and everything is totally actually blown out of proportion.
Are you -- are you, oddly, because of the tragedy of Michael, as a family, are you oddly closer now than you've ever been do you think?
I would love to say, yes, we're closer than we've ever been but it's really interesting, Piers, because when -- when a loved one in your family and Michael was the first that we've lost.
When you -- when you look back on it now, do you feel that?
When I look back on it now, it was fun times, it was wonderful times.
What are you getting at?
I know.
Do you ever wish you hadn't gone into show business?
I didn't want to go into show business.
Did you ever feel that in his relentless pursuit for you guys to be successful, that the relationship you had with him crossed the line, that it became abusive in any way?
No.
Did he hit you then?
But, as you grow older -- yes, I got one spanking.
What did you call him?
Joseph.
Do you still call him Joseph?
Yes, of course.
But if you called him dad, what would happen?
I don't know.
Do I?
Exactly the same.
How do you get on with him now?
Very well.
Do you think modern parents are a bit soft with their kids?
I do.
Well, what do you say when they speak back?
I have pretty strong words with them.
Really?
Yes.
And then do they learn from that or?
No, I'm like you, I'm big on respect.
Did your mother have a kind of slightly complicated relationship with the way your father treated you all or did she go along with it completely?
My mother was very quiet.
Has he ever told you he loves you?
Yes, all the time.
But only now, he didn't when you -- when you were younger, right?
When we were younger -- no, no.
Do you remember the first time he said that?
ACKSON: I think I told him first, I said, "Joseph, I love you very, very much, and you mean the world to me, I want you to know that."
Really?
Yes, and you must remember something which is very interesting is that I don't care who you are in life, everybody is looking for love.
So, he never really had love himself?
He never had love himself and so, how -- if you don't --
Did Michael ever say I love you to Joseph, do you know?
Yes, he has, he did say that to him, yes, absolutely.
I've got say -- I mean, he comes over as a complete monster in this book and it sort of prompts the question, when I talk to you now, you seem intelligent, you seem quite worldly-wise, how did you ever get together with a man like this in the first place?
It started with my having to go to Japan and my mother wasn't able to go with me, and she asked my father if he could go with me to Japan and my father wasn't able to go with me.
How did you feel when he did that?
I couldn't understand why.
Why weren't they steaming in to save you?
My family was there.
Did you love him?
I walked out many, many times.
You never loved him?
No.
But when did he first start being physically abusive to you?
It was shortly after we were together.
And what was he physically doing to you?
He was beating me.
Was that the moment you broke free?
No, it wasn't.
How did Michael react when you did that?
I don't know how he reacted at the time.
How did you get out of his clutches?
I got rid of him.
When you got out, how did you feel?
I felt like there was freedom, but I was still nervous.
Where were you when you heard that he died?
I was at home when I heard that he had passed.
Hear in Los Angeles?
Here at home in L.A., yes.
How did you hear?
My father had kept calling and telling me to get over to his house, because I live about two or three minutes away from him, and to go over to his house.
Did you see Michael, after he passed?
Yes.
It's like they had shed all the tears then?
Yea it was closure.
Do you still think that?
Absolutely.
Why are you so sure?
I will never ever think differently.
Who were going to murder him?
The people that were involved in his life.
Do you think we'll ever find out the truth?
I'm going to make sure we do.
Latoya, how are the kids doing now, Michael's children?
The kids are doing very well.
What sort of job is she doing, do you think?
She's doing a great job, fabulous job.
If you had the chance to talk to Michael again, what would you say to him, that you never had a chance to maybe?
I would tell him that I'm sorry that I wasn't there to help him to start over.
Why do you think you've been able to inspire that kind of loyalty?
I am the wrong person to ask.
What do you work on other than making great music, but in terms of your relationship with an audience, what do you work on you think that brings you that extra time?
The truth.
As someone who'd always been in the background like you say, the moment you went center stage, did you in that moment realize, wow, OK, this is what it's all about?
No, no.
Did you that night?
Yes, yes, I did.
But when you got that reaction from the crowd, and that was the first time you'd had it, what was the experience like to you?
It was like floating.
What's the answer in your case?
Well, for me, I kind of knock me over.
Wouldn't you think that fame would be the greatest thing to happen to a person, you know?
Well, I think that everyone who's not famous assumes it is the greatest thing that could happen.
-- whoa, how's she handle this, you know?
And yet the fact that you mentor the acts on "Idol," you've done it a couple of times --
If you're concerned about what may happen?
I would do that every day if I could.
Or is it just a pain in the backside?
I don't think of myself as being famous.
Have you met anybody in the last 20 years who didn't know who you were?
Well, yes, sure.
But not often?
But not often, no.
How much of it has she brought on herself?
I just remember them just driving her crazy.
Does it worry you that we're going to see more of that with people who just may be off psychologically, a little flawed anyway?
I do.
It's a drug, isn't it?
It's a drug.
That's what happens, right?
Well, on that bombshell, we are going to take a quick break so the audience can recover.
What advice would you give that Barry Manilow?
It's -- just stick to your guns.
Who's they?
Everybody but the audiences.
ORGAN: What was that like for you?
Well, it was dreadful.
Did I say something about our noses?
Yes.
You know the concord hooter arrives, you know?
Yes.
Are you a vain man, would you say?
I'm as vain as the next guy.
Probably more so now, isn't it?
But only with you or with people like you who remind me I'm not the average guy.
I say hello to the people out there and that's it, you know?
The average guy isn't earning stratospheric sums of money being a huge headline act in Vegas.
Where did it go?
I had hired a -- my first business manager.
Since that experience, did you get wiser about money?
I did.
Do I know how much I'm worth?
Yes.
That's sad though, isn't it?
You know, I thought so.
You remember that one?
Yes.
I mean, I think that it would work again today, don't you?
So do I.
How would you feel ideologically, if McDonald's came to you now and said, would you front a commercial for us?
Oh, I would love it.
But the reason I -- the reason I was dwelling on the sad songs and the heartbreak was that you're quite private bloke, aren't you?
I am.
Had your heart broken?
Never.
Never?
Never.
Seriously?
Yes, never.
You've never ever been in love or had your heartbroken?
I've been in love, but I -- I'm lucky enough never to have my heart broken.
How have you avoided what's struck everybody else?
Shoot, Piers, I don't know.
What's the definition of romance?
I guess, it's whatever -- I think romance, and love for that sake, is whatever anybody wants it to be.
For anybody in the fame game, is it sensible to open your book up like that, do you think?
For them, it might be wonderful for them.
Am I?
Yes, but the old mystique from celebrity -- the star game used to be everyone was on a plinth and you didn't really know much about them.
How do you come up with them?
The best ones that I've come up with are not at the piano, when I'm walking around.
When you do something like "Mandy," where did that come to you?
You know I didn't write "Mandy."
"If I Should Love Again," how did you come up with that?
"If I Should Love Again" was a --
Was she one of the greatest showman you have played with?
Oh, absolutely.
She says is there anyone you have met that really made you feel star struck?
ANILOW: Yeah, Annie Lennox.
Isn't that amazing?
It is amazing.
Quite interesting, what would you be doing if you hadn't gone into music, do you think?
I can't imagine myself not --
Do you ever wonder?
I would have been playing in some bar at night, complaining about how nobody understands me.
How do you feel about that?
I've never heard of that one, I must say.
That there was one of my songs?
"Let's Hang on."
Really?
Yes.
When you say wrote in a dream, do you actually mean these things come to you sometimes in dreams?
Well, this one did, yeah.
Do you wake up?
This one woke me up.
Do you jump out of bed and write it all down?
I did.
Who of the modern crop catches your eye?
The modern crop.
Any other?
Well, I like Sting's work.
Do you really think I'm going to tell you that?
Yes.
What is the song that you literally can't hear anymore?
I would never answer that question!
How did she get to the top of the business world?
I wanted to be a business person.
You know how would you sum up marriage to the Hulk?
You know, well, we were married for 24 years, and you know, it was great.
Do you feel that the relationship basically floundered the moment you heard he'd been unfaithful to you?
Yes.
Why did he tell you?
Well, in my opinion I think the reason that he had to tell me was because the woman that he was philandering with had filed a lawsuit against him, and it was probably about to be public, and I think that if he had me on his side, that they could roll it out as extortion like a lot of these celebrities do.
If you're honest when you'd seen other famous people get caught up in a scandal like that, and the woman stayed with the man, what was your view of women that did that before it happened to you?
Before, you know, I hadn't been in that position, so I just figured that publicly they were staying with their man because of usually politicians is what you heard.
Have you'd gone through that thought in your head and thought, I would leave him?
Yes.
How many other women do you think there probably were?
You know, just a rough guess I think there might have been three or four, but, you know, that's just my guess.
Did you have days when you wish you were still with him?
Oh, yes.
Does he regret it, do you think?
I think he does.
Has he tried to win you back?
You know, because we were going through so much stuff with the divorce and then, of course, my son had that tragic accident, and there was just a lot on our plate to sort out, and I think that he had already moved on to a new girlfriend by the time I had filed for divorce.
And is it 10 times worse when it has to be conducted in the public eye because you're with a famous guy?
It is.
There aren't many of him to the (INAUDIBLE), are there?
It was phenomenal being married to him.
Do you blame Terry for the fact that he took the car out?
You know, I'm sure Terry trusted Nick, but he should have maybe thought a little bit more about the conditions, the fact that the boys were jet skiing all day and they were out in the hot sun.
How did you deal with that?
It was actually shocking.
Do you know?
John, I believe, is now out of the hospital and he's home.
Do you have any contact with his family?
I don't.
How did that make you feel?
Well, that was a blow.
She talks all about how she's sorry and that this love affair they had couldn't be denied, blah, blah, blah, and I was like, are you kidding me?
That was like a final kick in the teeth for you.
You know, living with the enemy, you know?
Yes, yes.
I bet part of you was thinking exactly that, checkmate, right?
Yes.
I mean he's like a young Hulk, isn't he?
Yeah, he is.
How does Terry deal with Charlie?
He doesn't really like the idea.
When you know what you want to do, do something?
Well, it's go for yours.
Pretty embarrassing, isn't it?
I don't think so because --
Do you ever have that feeling?
I just love how much my husband loves my daughter.
Once you're a businesswoman and you've got the cover of "Forbes Magazine," then what do you do?
You give back.
Now can he help me with my game?
I'll do what I can, but I can't work miracles.
When it actually comes down to it, when you're entering that fourth day as you did, what is it that makes a champion compared to others who often fall by the wayside?
Yes, I mean -- I mean think I know more than anyone else from this year's Masters, you know, what happened to me, it's, you know, 95 percent of it is mental.
How did they react to this young whippersnapper from Ireland coming in and winning their trophy?
You know I felt as if the reception I got from the American people was very good.
How did your dad react to this?
He was fantastic all week.
Now which is it?
Never Guinness.
Never Guinness?
No.
You don't like Guinness?
No, I'm not -- I'm not a big fan.
For a young man growing up as you did there, what was it like for you?
You know, personally I've never seen the violence.
Do you feel that the weight of the expectation of the Irish on your shoulders?
A little bit, but I don't mind that.
Or can you be both?
It's hard.
That's probably the diplomatic answer, isn't it?
Yes.
Did you have a tough upbringing, would you say?
No.
What did they do?
My dad was a bar manager and worked in separate places, you know, in the daytime and then in the night.
It's been worth it, though, hasn't it?
Yes, yes.
Did you ever imagine when you were growing up and the other Hollywood, that the real one, one day would be a place that would welcome you like a conquering hero?
Yes, it's --
Pretty surreal, isn't it?
It is.
It must have turned things upside down, isn't it?
Yes, it's -- I mean -- I didn't realize how much attention and focus was going to be on me after that.
Is it exciting or slightly terrifying?
CILROY: No, it's exciting.
How have they reacted, the guys who've never won and tried for so long to do so?
They've been very positive.
Do you see any parallels with Tiger in terms of the way you play?
Yes, I mean, you know, at 22 we both had one major.
That's a lot of pressure, isn't it?
It is.
It's part of the thing in sports to not be in awe of people?
Yes, of course.
Do you think you have the strength of character to deal with it in a way that Tiger ultimately turned out not to have?
I hope so.
It's not -- it's not a healthy way to live for relationships and stuff, is it?
No, it's not.
What does she make of what's happening to you?
She -- I mean -- I think in a way it's tough on her.
ORGAN: Do you think wedding bells on the horizon here?
No, not at the moment.
Does it depend on how good a degree she gets?
No, not at all.
I mean even with him, you want to kill him, right, on the golf course?
Yes.
Where have you got that from?
I think you need that.
I mean if you tried to go home to Holly and the two dogs with the swagger and the arrogance and the cockiness, how would she react?
Probably with a slap from the back of her right hand.
Who's most inspired you?
I think for any golfer from my generation, watching Tiger -- you know growing up and winning his major championships was a huge inspiration for me to believe that, you know, maybe one day I could go on to emulate what he's done.
Did he call you after the U.S. Open?
No, he left a message in the media center.
Saying what?
Just well done, great performance from start to finish.
And not that well known in America, but in terms of his leadership, is he someone that inspires you?
Yes, definitely.
Did you sink into a kind of temporary oblivion of despair?
No, if anything it made me more determined to go back and to prove to a lot of people, not just the media but you know just everyone and prove to myself as well that I wasn't this person that they were making me out to be in the press, you know, a choker or you know can't handle the pressure.
Can you relax?
A little bit, yes.
What was the best escape route for you?
I think to go and watch other sports -- sporting event.
Do you ever read books?
Yes.
Music -- do you listen to music?
Yes, music.
What's on your iPod?
I lot of -- lot of dancy, sort of techno, Swedish House Mafia, David Guetta.
Really?
All that sort of stuff, yes.
What's the big ambition for you, personally and professionally?
Personally, not to let all this attention that I'm going to probably get -- not let that affect me in any way.
The best golfer in history?
Yeah.
Is that now attainable to you, do you think?
I would probably be --
Did you throw the ball to me?
Probably.
Is that right?
I've gone every single year since '61.
Do you still play tennis?
ING: Well, I got to a point -- because I started having my first knee operation when I was 23 and I was number one in the world.
How many surgeries have you had now?
I've had eight altogether on my knees.
It's really worked?
I just played tennis the last two days out in Central Park in New York City.
Are you good these days?
No, I'm terrible.
What were you thinking when that happened?
When I found out, I was in Japan.
Because you had to shut him up, right?
So Margaret took one for the team by losing.
ORGAN: When you beat him, how did that moment feel?
Such relief, thank you, God.
When you went out afterwards, what was the reaction from women in particular to what you'd done?
I'd actually get half and half.
Really?
Yes.
Influenced him to do what?
Just to really think about always making sure his daughters or girls and women have opportunities just like boys.
Did something happen to spark that?
I think it's because I got into tennis when I was 11.
That in itself created shock waves, didn't it?
It did.
Really?
Yes, which I thought was a great compliment.
What was the hardest barrier for you to break down, do you think?
I think for me, probably being gay, being a lesbian.
From what, endorsements?
Endorsements went bye-bye in 24 hours.
Looking back on it, did its actually make your life better in the longer terms?
In the long run, sure.
Why would you advise other people not to come out?
Because it's not right.
Have you stayed friends with Elton?
Forever.
Have you seen his new baby yet?
No.
How would you have got on against women who are so physically powerful?
This generation is so much better.
What's been the greatest moment of your life?
you're really asking difficult questions, because it depends.
Does anything beat the first one?
Actually not.
How have they got themselves, do you think, into that position?
Well, I'm not sort of privy to it, but the producers who have been involved with it are mainly people who come from rock.
From a musical perspective, how did you rate it?
Well, I'm not a critic, and I never talk about other people's work.
Is the narrative key, do you think, to longevity on these things?
Yes.
Have you had a situation like they've got where it opens and the criticism's pretty heavy, everyone's saying this isn't going to survive, and then it's gone on to be a huge hit?
Yes, I think -- although "Evita" been a very big hit in London -- "Evita" when it opened it here, had pretty bad reviews.
How much have the critics got to you over the years?
I don't really care very much if I don't think that the critics really understand music.
But if it's someone, though, that you respect, what is the most hurtful kind of thing they could say that would really get to you?
Well, I guess if it's somebody who I did respect as a musician said that the score was humdrum or something, then I would be sad if I believed in the score.
What do you think it is?
Well, I think the television -- and I've been involved with the television casting programs in Britain.
Can they produce genuine, bona fide stars, do you think?
Yes, of course they can.
When you watch a Susan Boyle, for example, what do you think of someone like her?
Susan Boyle -- of course, we all know, it was an extraordinary moment, not just in television, but one of the most extraordinary things that ever happened to a musical, because talk about something out of the blue for "Les Miserables."
You're not doing that anymore, are you?
No.
Do you know?
I know it's -- it's extraordinary.
But how does a melody for something like "Phantom" come to you?
Well, "The Phantom of the Opera," I'm a melodist, but I'm also a theater animal.
Where does this music come from?
Well, I -- to finish the story, Jim Sharman said, no.
How do you come up with each song?
Well, "The Phantom," I mean, originally started off, I mean for -- the phrase, I mean the -
So, it doesn't really matter then, does it?
Clearly, you can see it does, but I think that's just a very, very one-off example.
When you say it just comes, I mean, can you literally get almost the whole thing in your head like that?
Sometimes it'll come like that.
Is that true?
Yes.
Which of all your -- I know it's a bit like asking you for your favorite child, but which of all the musicals is your personal favorite, of yours?
Ooh.
Is it true Michael Jackson wanted to play the Phantom?
Yes.
And did you speak to him about it, seriously?
Yes, yes I did.
He would've been incredible, wouldn't he?
Well, I think he would.
Wanted to play the Phantom?
He wanted to play the Phantom.
If you could relive one moment live again that you've experienced, of all these shows, all the opening nights and everything, which one sticks most in your memory?
It's difficult, really.
What were you thinking?
I did think that that's fairly extraordinary.
Do women find, do you think, musical genius sexy?
I don't know.
Anyone that can just conjure up these kinds of melodies, which then become anthems all around the world, that's genius, isn't it?
I don't know.
Do you?
I think some of McCartney's melodies are just sublime.
How do you work out what you think will catch on for a morning audience?
Well, I've been doing these TV casting series back in Britain.
That's very exciting, isn't it?
It's been good fun.
Is it one of those situations?
Well, I don't know, because we're in constant touch at the moment.
Any idea who may be starring in this?
Well, I'm told that Ricky Martin is playing Che.
Are they cutting out the problem, do you think, here?
I'm beginning to think that it's off to the village I live in called Daer (ph), and early retirement.
You don't have a mobile phone, cell phone?
No.
Saying what?
I can't remember now exactly.
Can you use the iPad?
Well, it doesn't work.
Could it be you that's the problem and not the iPad?
No.
Was this actually you?
This has to do with the iPad.
If you were casting the all time dream musical, who would you want standing on that stage?
Elvis.
What's been the most surreal, kind of pinch me moment you've experienced, do you think, for you personally?
Most surreal.
You played and he sang?
I think so.
What were you actually feeling when you came out?
I was actually feeling, please do not mess up.
Because you don't have the voice of a normal -- how old are you now?
I just turned 11.
Where do you think this voice comes from?
I believe that it comes from God.
How does Jackie rank, given her age, do you think?
You know, to say that she is at the top of the heap would be an understatement.
You find all this quite funny, don't you?
Yeah, I do.
What's your life like?
My life is kind of a back and forth thing.
How far could Jackie go, do you think?
The truth of the matter is she could go either direction in terms of pop or opera, because she has a great understanding of both, not unlike Andrea Bocelli.
Do you ever get nervous now or not?
I get a lot more nervous -- I do get nervous.
These are going to be tracks from your new album, is that right?
Yes.
Jackie, what are you going to sing for me?
I'm going to be singing a song called "Angel".
In the end, was it the lack of forensic evidence which you think led to this acquittal?
Well, in my mind it is, because the state really didn't have any valid evidence to go on.
From everything that you saw, from everything that you examined, did you ever see evidence of premeditated murder?
No, and that was one of the problems that the prosecution had is there was no cause of death.
I mean, do you have any personal feeling about what you think happened to her?
You know, I really don't want to speculate.
But did you see anything -- when you examined Caylee's remains, did you see anything that would go along with that theory, that would corroborate it in any way?
EICHS: Well, one of the things that forensic anthropologists look for is manner of death or cause of death.
On the other hand, it's been a hell of an ordeal for them, and if she is innocent, as this jury has decided that she is, you can understand that explosion of emotion at the end, can't you?
Oh, yes.
I mean, from a legal point of view, were you surprised at the verdict?
You're always surprised at verdicts in cases like this.
Would you go along with that?
Well, I think it's fringe science.
So there are some very big unanswered questions here, aren't there?
You are so right, Piers, and everybody in America and all over the world who are following this know that in their gut, in their heart of hearts, people are upset about this verdict.
What is that moment like when you realize that it's going against all popular thought and actually you're going to lose the case?
Well, Piers, to tell you the truth, it's really not like that because there was predictions that we were going to lose this case or at least not be able to convict from long before we even started to pick the jury because of a variety of issues including celebrity, race, the Rodney King riots.
Is this not the problem with having cameras in these courtrooms?
Well, I'm very proud that we have the First Amendment here in America and we can shine the light on all three of our branches of government -- legislative, executive, and judicial.
I mean if a legal system isn't based on truth and justice, then what kind of system is it?
Well, if you want truth, get scientists.
Do you agree with that?
No, I don't.
What happens to Casey Anthony next?
On Thursday is her sentencing.
But explain why a skilled attorney would raise an issue of abuse?
Lisa Bloom, Marcia -- oh, go on.
Alan?
I'm just wondering why a skilled attorney would raise allegations which he couldn't prove of sexual abuse by the father of the daughter.
Did you predict this not guilty verdict?
Well, I actually predicted the best-case scenario for the defense would be a hung jury.
I mean, can the results of these cases literally fall down on one or two or three jurors and the selection process?
Well, it can.
Do you think that was help informal the end to Casey Anthony?
Well, we didn't really focus on the demographics.
Why do you need them?
Very quickly, we don't have star chamber justice in this country.
I mean, how on Earth does this family even attempt to rebuild any kind of relationship here, given what went on in the courtroom?
I don't think they do.
What was your gut feeling when that verdict came in?
That I wasn't that surprised.
But, Drew, listen, I take that point, but have you ever in your entire career come across a mother who has lost a child and doesn't report that for 31 days?
I have not encountered that specific experience, but I've encountered -- this case -- Casey reminds me of several of my patients, frankly.
Brad Conway, finally, do you agree with Dr. Drew that there's really no way back for this family, in terms of any relationship between the parents and their daughter?
Probably, Piers.
When it's high profile, when it's famous, predicting a verdict is almost impossible, isn't it?
Yes.
But what didn't make any sense either -- and I keep coming back to this -- is what kind of mother who loses a child doesn't report it for more than a month?
You're right, Piers.
I mean would you assume with your legal brain that he was making a point there?
I think he might be.
If you were about to talk to him, Dan, what would you say to him?
I guess one of the things I'd want to know is the George Anthony factor, the father.
Jeff Ashton, I mean, were you going to retire anyway, or has this kind of put you off the justice system?
No, no, it was planned anyway.
What was your reaction when you realized it had gone the wrong way?
Well, I think the reaction of all of us was we were pretty shocked, as everyone else was, but you know all of us have been doing this long enough to know that anytime you have a jury making a decision, you just never know what they're going to do.
Would you accept that?
Well, I think if this jury, you know, came to the verdict they did based upon the belief in something that wasn't in evidence.
What is the more likely premise now that this is all over, do you think?
Sure.
Would you concur with that?
Well, I don't think that the sentence necessarily is a comment on how the judge felt about the more serious charges.
Was that the key problem here, that the forensic evidence just wasn't there for you to get a conviction?
Well, you know, obviously, we thought the forensic evidence was there to establish her guilt of first-degree murder.
I mean, do you feel comfortable that someone who is a -- clearly a pathological liar, who was an appallingly negligent mother, if nothing else, clearly not, in my view, in any fit mental state, do you feel comfortable that somebody like that will be walking the streets of America in a few days' time?
Well, you know, we did what we could to prevent that, but the jury spoke and I believe the judge gave her the maximum sentence that he could.
What did you make of what he said?
Well, I mean, first of all, I should tell you that most of the people who watched this case thought that Jeff Ashton did a very good job as a prosecutor.
It was -- it was the most censorious sentence he could have imposed?
Well, Piers, I happen to agree with you.
Is that fair, do you think?
I absolutely think it's fair.
Should they have charged on slightly lesser charges, do you think, or not?
No, I don't believe they should.
Do you think that that was what wend wrong here?
I do think there was a potential for overcharging.
Let me ask you first, Stacey?
I believe she was guilty of murder.
Robin?
I don't necessarily agree that it's first-degree murder.
Were you surprised by how quickly Casey Anthony's being set free?
No, not at all, given the good time laws and the way that most states work in releasing prisoners, I'm not surprised at all.
Well, will she have any restrictions on her when she walks through those gates out of prison?
That was a surprising part of it for me.
What did you make of the events of the last 48 hours?
I can tell you that I'm aware of the fact that this young lady was, in effect, tried in the court of public opinion long before the actual trial took place.
What would you do?
Look, this is a perfect example, this case, of while you're innocent until proven guilty in a court of law, you're guilty until proven innocent in the media.
Would you agree?
I think it's a very complex family relationship.
Unless you are the person who knows exactly what's happened to her?
Well, all I can tell you is what all the arm chair quarterbacks have said over the last three years.
What does your gut tell you about this?
I think my gut tells me what it's been telling me for the last 250 or so trials that I've covered.
What on earth will Bill Maher say tonight?
I want to feel like I broke into the studio and took over and made them mad.
The party out of power always threatens this, you know?
But isn't the reality, that with an election coming, just as the president hinted today, I mean if I was a Republican, the way to beat President Obama, the way that the job figures stand at the moment, 9.2 percent, the state of the economy generally, turmoil around the country continuing -- the way to probably beat him is to take him on on the economy.
It's not in their interest to do a deal, is it?
No probably about it.
Isn't it the Congress' job to present a jobs bill?
Well, I like this quote from Warren Buffett who says the way to get rid of the deficit, we should pass a law that says any time there's a deficit of more than 3 percent of GDP, all sitting members of Congress are ineligible for reelection.
So it's all surprising to me that the people governing the country pander to that by this rhetoric of everything has to make a profit because that's the way you have a yardstick of success here, isn't it?
Well, if you're talking about social mobility, yes.
Why is it scary?
Because it shows we're falling behind China.
Can America afford to see everything economically, militarily and so on as a threat in the way it has before?
But we would have to reconfigure all of our priorities.
Who's the threat that's going to invade us?
Many Americans, it seems to me -- I mean you say this stuff and I bet you get deluged with people calling you unpatriotic, un-American.
But, I mean, is it time that America completely changed its philosophy on these things?
What's patriotic is wanting your country to succeed.
How many do the Chinese have?
None.
How many?
A hundred and 25,000 millionaires in Shanghai.
Palin or Bachmann?
I would meet a gun to my head.
Is it possible in the current climate?
Absolutely.
Is America more or less racist now since Obama has been in power?
That's a great question.
Are there other any of the Republican candidates so far that have emerged that you would see as potentially not life threatening?
Well, you know, hopefully Mitt Romney.
Has there ever been a president in your lifetime who has been properly principled in your eyes?
Jimmy Carter was an amazingly principled president.
It attracts criticism?
Well, not that, is there's a kind of expectation from this mass populace that you have to do certain things.
How do you think Obama is doing as president?
You know I love him.
Is it, though?
Absolutely.
What should he be doing right now?
If a Democrat gets in and we don't attempt Democratic policy.
But what tag are you proudest of putting yourself to?
I think I'm just practical.
You hate their ideology, don't you think?
Of course.
But do you -- I mean you're a Democrat?
No.
How would you describe yourself?
I mean I'm certainly more in line with their thinking.
Do you vote?
Of course.
Democrat?
Almost always.
Ever voted Republican?
Yes.
When?
I voted for McCain in the 2000 primary.
Is part of it television cameras in the court?
Part of is that jury, trial of your peers.
People don't even get that, right?
They cannot appreciate nuance.
This is an apathetic, atheist, right?
It's a combination of apathy and atheist, yes.
Is that right?
No, that's not right at all.
Is it bordering on any form of accuracy?
AHER: No.
Then what happened?
I was never Jewish.
Can you stop being a Catholic?
Yes.
Where are you?
I'm with him, 6.9.
How did your parents react to your ap-atheism?
When I was a kid, we went to church.
If you had prayed, would you have prayed for the kind of news cycle we have had, from Weiner-gate to Schwarzenegger-gate?
It has been -- if there was a God for comedians, he may have been raining down upon us, yes.
Do you get as much fun of that now as you always used to?
Much more, because I'm good at it now.
But do you feel a pressure, even when you're doing that, to be endlessly funny?
I don't understand Twitter when people just tell you what they're doing.
You don't troll for the ladies like Mr. Weiner?
No.
Aren't you going to get in trouble with your wife for talking about marriage this way?
She would expect me to ask these kind of questions.
When you look at someone like Charlie Sheen, what do you honestly think of his behavioral pattern?
I know Charlie a bit.
And is it true that you honestly believe you only go there for the food?
I said that, it was a joke.
You went in the grotto?
I went in the grotto.
This job?
Yeah.
Is this part of the trick of show business, knowing when to leave the party?
Yes, absolutely.
Being able to choose it -- have your own destiny?
But I didn't think Larry was diminished in any way.
Is that true?
Never.
Billy Ray, how are you?
I'm doing great.
So my first question is, did you ever have this terrible nagging feeling that if you suddenly keeled over from a heart attack tomorrow, the headlines would be, Miley Cyrus' dad dies of an achey breaky heart?
If that were the case, that's what it's going to read.
As you approach it, how would you sum up your life?
YRUS: I would sum it up as, for every action, there is an opposite and equal reaction.
And as a musician all your life, does being able to have both extremes in your life, is that good for the creative process?
I'd kind of like to know some vanilla.
And when you see Miley occasionally falling off the straight and narrow, do you recognize that slightly rebellious edge to her?
Of course.
What have you learned about yourself over the last 50 years?
I've learned that it's not how many times you get knocked down, it's how many times you get back up.
And what's the key to getting back on your feet when you've had a big blow?
Dust yourself off.
What would you say have been the best and worst moments of your life?
Well, the best -- the best being here with you.
And what would you say had been the worst moment of your life?
Oh, gosh.
What would you least want to go through?
Oh, my gosh.
What were his values that he tried to instill in you?
Well, first of all, he had a real love of music.
If you ever think about it, ever wonder what he would have said?
Well, I share that a lot with Miley, and with all my kids.
When you watch yourself, though, what are you honestly thinking when you see yourself there?
Well, I do look extremely happy.
Really?
Yes.
A year before that?
A year before that.
So you would have been, what, about 29?
I was 29.
And what's the dream when you're in that car?
Well, the dream was and the prayer was that I would pray that God would give me the wisdom and the vision to sing the songs I was supposed to sing, to do the things I was supposed to do, to be the person I was supposed to be, and through my life and my music, I prayed that God would give me the ability to represent the light and his love.
What was the moment for you when you realized this song was going to change your life?
Well, I had 10 songs recorded for the album.
When did you get a call or somebody said, you thought, wow, OK, this is going?
The night that we did the video in Ashland, Kentucky, that very nice, I felt like something changed.
What happened when the teeter goes to totter?
I got really busy, and started getting on a lot of airplanes and getting in a lot of limousines.
Well, you were on your own, weren't you?
I was.
It's what you felt, wasn't it?
I was definitely dealing with a lot in my world.
How did Miley actually react to the interview?
Shoot, I don't know, you know.
The next time you spoke to her, what did she say?
It was such a -- again, a dark time.
How can I stop you from having yours?
You kids are my dream.
Knowing how many child stars in particular end up in a very dysfunctional way in their lives?
I just knew that there was a whole lot of change ahead.
Were you frightened?
I couldn't really -- at that moment, you know, it's best to just -- you know if you hear the words of the song, you know, she's got to do what she's got to do.
Would you take that option?
No.
Was it about me?
And underage drinking.
Great clip, isn't it?
It's amazing.
What are probably the biggest misconceptions about your daughter, do you think?
You know, I think that might be one in itself, is that -- she really -- she's the real deal.
What is your -- looking back on it, a storm in a teacup?
Didn't see anything horribly wrong about it.
Were you surprised that people said they were inappropriate?
No.
Was the -- was the bong gate scandal worse for you to deal with?
Bong gate happened in the midst of my darkness -- in my darkest hour.
So you took it worse perhaps than you would have done?
By then, I -- I was probably -- I was a bit numb of pain at that time.
Do you think she realized that?
I think so.
Not professionally, but are you proud of her for the way that she has dealt with these mini scandals?
Oh, heck yes.
And how is your relationship with her now, would you say?
Really good.
But since she's been famous, do you think you now have a stronger relationship than you've had before?
I look back on it.
And then what went right, when you look back?
Well, I think when you look back on it, and you go, "What went wrong?"
How did you -- how did you win your wife back?
You know, I just prayed for vision and strength, and wisdom to communicate.
I think it was more about step by step, you know?
Given that the -- the -- this ride that you talk about, this rocket ride was part of the problem.
How have you adjusted things now so that it works better for all of you?
Communication is the key.
So talking?
Everybody just talk at what's on your mind.
When you got back?
I -- I'm guessing so.
Yes, and I think probably -- did your mind flash back to how you felt as a five year old?
Oh, yes.
What does it stand for?
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
What does being an American mean to you?
It's the land of the free, the home of the brave.
I mean you guys are in the White House, aren't you?
Well, what I would say, first of all, Piers, is thank you so much for having me tonight.
Do you feel disappointed that there's been no greater inroad into those jobless figures?
I feel very disappointed that there hasn't been more inroad into those jobless figures.
If you're doing so well there, maybe you should be in the White House, have you thought of that?
Don't start something now, Piers.
I mean isn't it a bit frankly hypocritical to be throwing the toys out of the prime now and said the Democrats can't do it given how often the Republicans have done it?
Well, as you know, of course, Barack Obama voted against raising the debt ceiling when he was a senator and is now playing politics from the other side claiming that you're supposed to do this to give the president the money he wants.
I mean what percentage of blame, as we stand here today, should be apportioned to Republican decision making?
Well, again, you just asked about a number and I said of the cost of the Afghan war, I mean the whole Afghan war today cost $120 billion.
Why are you avoiding my question?
I'm trying to give you a percentage of -- for instance the Afghan war, two-thirds of the cost there this year was put in by Obama.
Wasn't it?
Are you not remembering that Barack Obama campaigned for president on the idea that the Afghan war was the right war, that he was for all of that, and you want to explain --
But you're asking for a partisan blame to be apportioned here, right?
No.
And so when you actually analyze exactly the percentage blame, and that's why I've been trying to get you to put a percentage on it, it's just quite an interesting exercise, isn't it?
Look, you want to argue why Medicare and Medicaid are going bankrupt, those were created by Democrats.
Do you want to go back to that and play partisan politics?
Why don't we --
And that kind of partisan opinion is what is preventing any kind of sensible deal, a strategy being achieved, isn't it?
I started this conversation discussing that Bush spent too much money or allowed too much money to be spent during his presidency.
And the politicians should just sort this mess out, shouldn't they?
They should.
Mr. Mayor, how are you?
I'm doing great.
I mean in your experience of these things, how much of what's going on right now in terms of this impasse between Republicans and Democrats is political and how much of it is actually about an ideology involving how to deal with the finances of this country?
Well, I can't say that I know the hearts and minds of the Congress people in our -- in the federal government.
Given that state of affairs, it's not in their interest politically to get him out of this hole, is it?
Well, I think it's going to be very clear, if people want to play brinkmanship with the debt ceiling and ultimately we are unable to pay our debts or worse unable to make payments to our military, to our Social Security recipients and others, what's going to happen is it's going to send a shockwave to our economy, it's going to drive interest rates up, it's going to cripple businesses all around our country.
It's the worst possible time for America to be in this position, isn't it?
It is.
And at the moment, they haven't flexed their muscles in the way that you just discussed involving Suez, but they could do, couldn't they?
Absolutely.
Everybody, really, in whatever way big or small has a bit of responsibility for the situation, doesn't it?
Well, to me, it's never about pointing blame.
If you were running the country right now and could talk to Americans in a way that perhaps woke them up to reality, what would you say?
Well, first of all, I have a lot of faith in the leader that we have in the White House.
In a simple way, what is the most effective way that you have seen to get them back to work, or the best plan that you've heard?
First of all, this is the thing we have to get out of the habit of.
Would you welcome him doing that?
Look, you know, the governor, I always joke with him and I consider him a friend.
This is pretty serious stuff, isn't it?
It can be pretty serious stuff.
What are your key points of advice for people who look at this and are vaguely terrified?
One thing you need to remember is this: you don't want to wait or depend on this government to manage your life.
And is that the key lesson here, that when things look too good to be true, they always are too good to be true?
Well, that's exactly right.
Don't lots of people need to have some form of debt just to function?
Well, I think that's the misnomer.
Which, in your eyes, in your expert debt is dumb eyes, is normally the best way to get out of a crisis like this?
Well, I think there's certainly differences between a nation's debt and a personal debt.
Going to reveal the date of the wedding?
The date of the wedding.
Can I tell him?
Sure.
The date of the wedding, can I tell him?
Sure.
I mean were you even remotely surprised at the verdict?
Well, I feared for the worst and hoped for the best.
How would you summarize her?
Well, I think the best way to summarize her is to parrot the testimony that was actually given in the trial.
Are you -- are you a mother, Dorothy?
Yes.
But can you honestly imagine anybody that you knew who's a mother ever behaving like that?
Well, I think the key word that you just said is rational.
Is that what you personally believe?
I believe that this was an accident that snowballed out of control.
Are you concerned about her ability to lead a free life in relative safety?
I am concerned for her.
Do you want to clarify it?
Well, I went into the case, I was asked to come and donate my time for free, to work on this case, to work on the science aspect.
Would you accept that?
Well, I think before you determine someone is a risk, you have to take the time to understand them.
I mean, have you ever heard of or been involved with any case like this in your life where a mother has not reported a child missing for over 30 days?
Well, the responses that I've gotten back from the people that have experienced trauma, actually, there were several responses that talked about situations where they pretended the individual in their life had not really died.
You can confirm you're alive?
I'm alive, yes.
Was it a bit disconcerting?
My response was, you know, it happened to Mark Twain so I simply quoted Mark Twain's comment that rumors of his demise were exaggerated.
What went wrong?
Well, you know, that is the number one question.
I mean, what do you say to the skeptics who said this was never ever had a chance?
I think that's a very valid question.
When was the exact moment you knew that she was not going to go through with the wedding?
Well, the previous weekend.
When did you find out that she was doing that?
On Sunday night.
I mean do you think that she took you for a ride?
I think an argument could be made that she took me for a ride.
Has she got any money out of this?
Yes, but not as much as she would have if she'd married me.
I mean how much has she walked away with?
Well, she asked for a Bentley right before we split.
How much was the ring?
The ring was -- I'm not sure exactly.
On top?
A little but not a great deal.
What is your -- you're a smart guy, what does your gut instinct tell you?
That there's more that we don't know.
Have you ever had your heart broken before?
Oh, yes, absolutely.
Is he heartbroken?
I mean, he's OK.
Were you very saddened by what happened personally?
Yes, I was stunned.
Did you shed a tear?
Yes, I shed a couple of tears.
Have you spoken to her since?
Oh, yes, I've seen her several times.
One that you believe?
I think that there -- you know, I think -- I think the explanation probably has more to do with the fact that, you know, did it run its course and she didn't really love me.
But have you thought of trying somebody nearer your own age, Hef, in their 30s or something?
Well, one of the two girls I'm seeing now is 27.
Do you feel -- do you feel conned?
To some extent, obviously, sure.
And is that -- is that even vaguely humiliating for someone like you?
No, it's not humiliating.
It would have been worse if she'd waited to get married?
Yes, absolutely.
Who are they?
Well, Anna has been -- she is -- was going to be our maid of honor.
And she's on the left or right there?
She's on the -- our left.
Emotionally?
Yes.
Who's the other young lady?
The other is Shera.
So am I right in thinking that you have replaced Crystal with two proper new girlfriends now?
EFNER: Yes, that is correct.
So, I mean, how sorry should people be feeling for you?
Not too sorry, no.
You've bounced back strongly?
I am in better shape than I would have been if I'd been married.
Has the experience, to be serious for a moment, has it put you off ever getting married again?
Yes.
They were clearly no fans of hers, right?
The girls are very, very protective.
That Crystal had ulterior motives?
I think so, yes.
Who is the other guy that you obliquely referred to?
I really don't know.
Would it really anger you if you discovered she was seeing somebody behind your back?
I am prepared for that probability.
You think that's what happened?
I think that is part of it.
Would you accept that?
I would say the great difference is that one thing, any girl who's ever been with me can say, quite frankly, is that I never played shady.
Any comment?
Yes, well, my first wife was a brunette.
And what happened?
And she cheated on me right before we got married.
Why has America got itself into this hole,, do you think, financially?
Well, if I knew the answer to that one, I'd be much wiser than I am.
When you put your finger on the business model of America, incorporated, what are the problems?
We didn't pay as we went.
Has America got to go and do business?
I think it's the wrong attitude.
Do you think America should go back to being a manufacturing country at its heart?
Yes and entrepreneurial.
Less consumer-led and more production?
Well, production where it works, and entrepreneurial.
Lost a bit of the entrepreneurial zeal?
EFNER: Yes.
Do you trust Obama to get it right?
I did to begin with.
What did you make of it?
Made me very sad.
Do you believe that could ever happen?
I find much of the circumstances very suspect.
Would you ever countenance offering a "Playboy" cover to somebody like Casey Anthony?
It is amazing the number of people that have Tweeted me immediately afterward, asking whether or not we would do a pictorial on her, et cetera.
Even though you would know, instinctively, it would sell millions of copies?
There are classic examples, as a matter of fact, historically in terms of a black Miss America that we didn't do a pictorial on, because she was a black Miss America and I knew that would hurt her, and other similar examples.
Is it just your instinct tells you that it would be inappropriate?
Well, I don't think it's entirely subjective.
What do you think?
I have mixed feelings about that.
Presumably, it's all about glamour and sex and fun of your old club, right?
Yes.
What on earth will Bill Maher say tonight?
I want to feel like I broke into the studio and took over and made them mad.
It's not in their interest to do a deal, is it?
No probably about it.
Isn't it the Congress' job to present a jobs bill?
Well, I like this quote from Warren Buffett who says the way to get rid of the deficit, we should pass a law that says any time there's a deficit of more than 3 percent of GDP, all sitting members of Congress are ineligible for reelection.
So it's all surprising to me that the people governing the country pander to that by this rhetoric of everything has to make a profit because that's the way you have a yardstick of success here, isn't it?
Well, if you're talking about social mobility, yes.
Why is it scary?
Because it shows we're falling behind China.
Can America afford to see everything economically, militarily and so on as a threat in the way it has before?
But we would have to reconfigure all of our priorities.
Who's the threat that's going to invade us?
See, many Americans, it seems to me -- I mean you say this stuff and I bet you get deluged with people calling you unpatriotic, un-American.
But, I mean, is it time that America completely changed its philosophy on these things?
What's patriotic is wanting your country to succeed.
How many do the Chinese have?
None.
How many?
A hundred and 25,000 millionaires in Shanghai.
Palin or Bachmann?
I would need a gun to my head.
Is it possible in the current climate?
Absolutely.
Is America more or less racist now since Obama has been in power?
That's a great question.
Are there other any of the Republican candidates so far that have emerged that you would see as potentially not life threatening?
Well, you know, hopefully Mitt Romney.
Has there ever been a president in your lifetime who has been properly principled in your eyes?
Jimmy Carter was an amazingly principled president.
It attracts criticism?
Well, not that, is there's a kind of expectation from this mass populace that you have to do certain things.
How do you think Obama is doing as president?
You know I love him.
Is it, though?
Absolutely.
What should he be doing right now?
If a Democrat gets in and we don't attempt Democratic policy.
But what tag are you proudest of putting yourself to?
I think I'm just practical.
You hate their ideology, don't you think?
Of course.
But do you -- I mean you're a Democrat?
No.
How would you describe yourself?
I mean I'm certainly more in line with their thinking.
Do you vote?
Of course.
Democrat?
Almost always.
Ever voted Republican?
Yes.
When?
I voted for McCain in the 2000 primary.
Have you aborted on being a sexaholic?
First of all, there is no such thing as a sexaholic.
Are you still attending the Playboy mansion on a regular basis?
This always comes up.
Doesn't that say something for me?
I have.
You went in the grotto?
I went in the grotto.
Why don't they get on his case?
You are beginning to sound a bit defensive about this, Bill.
This job?
Yeah.
Is part of the trick of show business knowing when to leave the party?
Yeah.
What do you make of him as a human being?
Gee, what a question that is.
What is the secret of your age-defying presence today?
Stress.
What's your motivation to keep working now?
Well, it's all I've ever really wanted to do.
What would be your personal favorite?
I think the best movie I made was "Glory".
Who have been the greatest male and female actors of your lifetime?
Oh, heaven now you've got a long list.
Really?
I mean, the most fun.
What did you and Clint get up to that we don't know about?
That's for me to know and you to find out.
What do you make of the modern Hollywood scene?
Well, it's interesting.
What would be the best piece of advice you would give to an up and coming actor?
Act.
Simple as that?
Doesn't matter where you go to work.
How do you actually pronounce your name?
Charlize Theron.
What is the correct South African, dare I say it, African way of pronouncing this?
Charlize Theron.
And you quite consciously went and taught yourself how to speak in an American accent, right?
Yes.
Do you speak African certainly?
Every day.
Can you speak African to her?
Oh, yes.
So you speak it completely fluently?
Oh, I think more fluently than I speak English.
Woody?
Yes.
Guilty as charged?
None of this -- there's no truth to it whatsoever.
But he calls you Chuck?
Yes.
Heading that way?
Because I want to actually work until I'm 108 and I don't think you can't have longevity if you just kind of fall back on one aspect of what you are.
There's never the safe one, is there?
Well, I don't think human beings are -- I think we're pretty complicated.
Oh, dear God, what is this, an hour show?
Yes, we got plenty of time, seriously.
Do you really love the aging process?
So far, I said.
Is that because it's obviously treating you quite well?
Look, I'm only 35.
So you get to these random houses, and what do you do?
I -- the first thing I do is I inspect every closet and drawer.
There are guys going to say who is this weirdo?
Exactly.
It's fascinating watching you because I know you don't like watching yourself, do you?
I've gotten a lot better.
Do you know how much money you've taken at the box office in movies you've been in?
God, no.
That's not bad, is it?
That sounds good.
You don't care how much they make, these films?
I care.
Which one would you prefer at this stage of your career?
HERON: I guess I would take the one that makes the billion dollars, but the critics don't care for it because then I can go make seven of the ones that I love.
Hey, Todd, do we even have factory work?
I'm sorry.
I mean, when you look back on it now, obviously brilliant for you in your career -- but to actually play that role, what was the experience like?
That was the greatest gift I think I've ever been given in my career.
Really?
Yes, look, it's absolutely amazing to win an Academy Award.
Did you watch the Oscars as a young girl?
I did, yes.
ORGAN: Have you met him?
Yes, yes.
When did you meet him?
The first time I met him, I had just won the Academy Award.
And what did he say to you?
The nicest things that any icon or hero could possibly say to you, things that I'm so not deserving of.
Like what?
Just, you know, giving me credit for being a South African and kind of putting South Africa on the map, which I didn't, but I'll take that any day from Nelson Mandela.
Any other?
Yes.
Women?
Yes.
Who else?
I don't know if they were women but I know another category South Africans have won.
How much of it is down to what happened, if anything?
Look, I don't know.
What is the main reason do you think that it is so bad in South Africa, and what can be done to tackle it properly do you think?
I think it is a lack of education.
How do you get them?
You can go to our Web site, Charlizeafricaoutreach.org, and you can buy them there.
And directly help?
Yes, directly -- look, here is the thing.
What is the single biggest problem that the young in South Africa just don't really want to use condoms or even know much about them, is that the problem?
It is knowledge.
What was it about the story here which grabbed your attention?
Well, I loved Tatiana's book and, you know, this is a story that is particularly relevant to me.
But where does this rank for you personally?
It really ranks with me strongly because the subject matter is so personal.
What was the thinking?
I think Kristin Scott Thomas, you know, who I first worked with on "The English Patient" is, you know, one of the smartest, best actresses.
And Harvey, when does the film get released here in America?
Movie opens next Friday.
I mean, did you ever meet Margaret Thatcher?
I never did, but as a liberal.
And that I think is often the greatest characteristic of any leader, isn't it?
She put her principles first.
How are your liberal friends going to react, Harvey, when you seem to be the one man who rehabilitates the Thatcher image for the world?
I'm going to be run out of all my social circles, Piers.
And as Rupert Murdoch prepares to address members of parliament in Britain tomorrow, how serious is this moment for him and his company?
I think it's dreadfully serious for Rupert Murdoch, and his family and his company.
Why weren't they asking those questions?
Well, I'm sure that the editors would be asking those question.
I mean would you expect him to?
No, I would not.
I would expect he might have asked the question, how -- how are we getting all of this wonderful stuff?
Let's turn to Porter Bibb here.
Is the newspaper division for him now in Britain simply not making enough money to make it worth saving in a crisis like this?
Well, he's got to address several constituencies on this issue.
Was your information that the Murdochs were considering selling their newspaper division?
No, I mean, we have no idea.
Do you see a time coming as newspapers diminish in their importance, when the Murdoch's Corporation, News Corporation, with or without the Murdochs, Views newspapers as disposable assets to let them focus on television and movies, which make more money?
Well, I mean, there's clearly an I affinity for newspapers by Rupert Murdoch.
Do you think that these shares are now undervalued, given the scale of this crisis?
OHEN: Yes, News Corp has lost over $8 billion of value since the crisis erupted in the last few weeks.
I mean again, looking at him dispassionately, do you think he's been primarily a force for good or a force for not so good in the media?
I think he's probably led a race to the bottom.
And in terms of exposure to the American part of the company, am I right in thinking that if that is proven, if there were bribes being paid, either anonymously or in fake names, or whatever it may be, if it were paid by News International, a British company, does that still impact on the American part of the business?
There's two distinctions here.
Or do you worry conversely that all this attention on this means there may be further attacks on freedom of the press?
Well, I think you have to separate the questions.
How are they dealing with this, do you think?
Well, you know, Piers, I just got a call an hour ago, and Rupert wanted to tell me personally that you know he's not OK.
How do you think he will deal with this?
I think he will be -- I mean the one thing about Rupert is that -- yes, he can be ruthless, but actually we can just talk about this -- I think one -- he's ruthless, but also entrepreneurial.
So what do you think went wrong here?
Well, Piers, number one, thank you for having me.
Why?
OK.
What did you feel when you watched those images?
Well, I felt a huge disappointment.
Or should she be allowed to lead the life she wants to lead?
Of course she should lead the life she wants to lead.
What does that mean?
It means that public opinion had been driven I think by the saturation coverage on television and all of the commentary, so that most people were directed to believe -- and, you know, I'm sure you wouldn't deny the fact you were directing people to think this -- that this woman killed her child.
Jealous?
Tell me about the -- I also love the fact that even then you could tell that you had this kind of fire brand attitude.
Was it as simple as that?
You know, Piers, it's so complicated.
When you get criticized, what do you think is the biggest misconception about you?
Oh, Piers, come on, you've been through this, I'm sure.
All right, Mrs. Mensch, do you want to respond to that?
As I've just said, I made the claims in the select committee.
What was it like for you being so close to that?
Well, it was -- it was very dramatic.
Jonathan, what do we know about the attacker?
Well, right after the attack took place, I started speaking to the police who were running around.
How did they do?
I think it -- miraculously, the pie may have saved the whole day for the Murdoch family.
Would you agree with that, that it's the pie what won it?
No, I actually don't think I would agree on that.
And from what you saw, Richard, I mean, where would you say that the Murdochs were at their weakest today?
Clearly on the fundamental question which never got answered.
Have you had any reaction from the family since the end of the hearing today?
Yes.
I mean is that a position that is acceptable for a guy who's chairman and CEO of News Corporation?
I think it's quite a surprising position, and there is a difference between your reaction to this and I think that of most of the European public because most of us have never done business with Rupert Murdoch and know what he's like inside.
Would you see it that way?
Yes, I most certainly would.
And finally, Richard, I mean greatest scandal in British history from your experience?
Oh, no, no, no, no.
What does that mean?
Well, I tell a lot of stories in my standup act that, you know, or my points of view of different things.
To put it mildly, haven't you?
Well, I think if you do standup, the kind of standup I like, you've got to tell the truth and you know hopefully you've had some interesting things.
Is there anything about your life that you can't joke about?
Well, I can't think of anything.
Your weight, the way you look, everything?
My battle with food and my weight is the core of every -- of my alcoholism, of everything.
And how are you feeling these days about the way you look?
I need to lose some weight.
Did you remember that experience well?
I remember working at Hormel very well.
Were you a good hog slayer?
I was.
ORGAN: What?
So -- yes, it was first --
You did what?
Well, me, Mike, and Mo, who are still buddies of mine to this day, there's nothing to do in Ottumwa, Iowa, after 10:00.
What was that moment like?
Terrifying.
When was the moment that you realized this could be a career and not just a bit of fun for you?
The first time I got offered a paying job, $15, I was in University of Iowa and I had some standup.
I mean is that a good thing or not a good thing for you?
You know, but people have to understand, I haven't talked to her, you know, face to face in almost 18 years.
And what would you say to her if she's watching?
I'd say good luck with your show.
Do you think she'll be pleased that you're happy?
Part of her, no.
Rather impressive remarks there I think, Tom, don't feel your old friend Arnold Schwarzenegger?
Yes.
What do you make of what's been going on?
Well, you have to understand he grew up in a -- much like me in a small town in -- in Austria in his case.
Were you -- were you as shocked as everybody else?
Yes.
About what's been going on?
Well, we see each other.
At what point can you crack a joke about this?
Well, the only joke that I can crack is that he can no longer make fun of the women that I've been with.
Is that a go, or is it -- but might it happen?
I think it's a go.
You've been talking about it?
Absolutely we've been talking about it.
The -- what kind of man is Arnold Schwarzenegger?
I think Arnold is a great man.
I mean, it's like a -- it's a torturous process, isn't it?
It is torturous, and it's monotonous.
You've made 100 movies?
Yes.
Which is your favorite?
Well, I mean, I loved "True Lies" --
The one you don't like to talk about in civilized company?
I think there was one.
-- at your worst, what are we talking in terms of consumption?
I was about a half ounce a day --
Really?
-- of cocaine.
Did you remember how that made you feel?
Well, I will tell you this.
Do you -- do you drink at all now?
No.
Literally nothing at all?
Nothing.
And do you ever get tempted?
I -- I watch people sometimes, normal people.
Did you have any regrets about it, or is it something that happened to you, that you're just pleased you moved on that was for a long time probably quite a bit fun?
I have regrets about the way I acted, you know, when I was using drugs and alcohol.
How much of what went on then do you think determined how you became in your earlier adulthood?
Well, relationships wise, if your mom leaves when you're four, you know, anything is possible.
What did you do?
I just -- I just said what I had to say.
Did you hit him?
No.
And did it bring you any kind of closure?
Absolutely.
When you see someone like Charlie going through what he's been through the last few months, what's been your -- your view watching from afar?
Well, you know, I love Charlie.
I mean, there in a nutshell is the immorality of Hollywood, isn't it?
That's the immorality of -- of everywhere.
What in the end made you stop?
I -- there was a night.
Have you managed to, despite all the partying and the extravagances and so on, have you retained enough to be pretty comfortable the rest of your life?
Well, if I'd have continued partying, obviously I wouldn't have anything.
What do you think has gone wrong with the American business model, and how can they fix it?
Well, it's very clear that the crisis that erupted in the United States, the financial crisis, three years ago, specifically in the summer of 2007 -- that's where the whole thing began -- showed that capitalism was -- went out of control.
I mean do you think it's time they went back to designing, creating, and building things that they can sell to the world exactly as Apple is doing so successfully?
Well, clearly Apple is a role model of the American innovation whereby it produced all these products -- iPod, iPhone, iPad -- that are really now dominating all the technology arena in the world.
Are you concerned at all about the succession plans at Apple given the ongoing situation involving Steve Jobs' health?
Well, clearly, as we have read recently in the board of directors over there, has begun looking and talking about succession.
Are you happy with the way things are?
Well, you know, News Corp is the only real media global -- that has a global presence that's involved in TV production, in movies, in publishing, in newspapers, digital media, et cetera.
Does James and Rupert both retain your full support?
I went public by supporting Mr. Rupert and Mr. James after the hearings because I know them very well.
What did you make of it from Saudi Arabia?
Well, it's very clear that the Arab population is rising because they'd like to have a say in the running of their affairs, running of their government, and this is very legitimate.
How would you say the mood is in Saudi Arabia about what's going on?
Thanks god Saudi Arabia is very stable.
Are you pushing your colleagues there in government to be as progressive as you've just been sounding?
I don't agree I'm a lonely voice because all what I tell you right now, my friend Piers, I say that in public in Saudi Arabia, and the majority of Saudis are with me.
In terms of Saudi's role with terrorism and with al Qaeda, do you think that Saudi should be harder and tougher against Islamic fundamentalism than it has been?
Well, you know, I'm a member of the royal family but not a member of the government.
Do you think it's time that he just stood down now?
Well, I think that Colonel Gadhafi's days are really numbered.
Now what do you make of them as a couple and the impact they're now having globally?
Well, I think, you know, royalty in the UK is very popular, not only in United Kingdom but all the world, and I think that what's happening between the new couple is really a replica, a duplication what happened between Prince Charles and the late Princess Diana.
Where are we as things stand?
Well, I think it's clear that we don't know.
Would you both concur that that is where we are now in terms of public opinion?
It depends on whether you -- how you raise revenue, I think.
I mean are we now in a position with the American economy where thinking the unthinkable has to be the way to go?
What I think we have to do is we have to reform our tax code in a way that promotes economic growth and not just add tax increases on it to meet a certain number in the budget to say we got a deal.
The fact you've come together and you've put a proposal together which seems to have been the catalyst for what may well be a deal on this, is this a way of both parties saying, OK, things did get a bit out of hand?
I hope so.
Where are we going here?
No.
Frank, come on, which of all these myriad of roles that you've had have you most enjoyed, do you think?
This one's so new, I can't weigh in on it yet.
What's not to love, huh?
The women wouldn't have done so much for me.
Do you like that kind of freedom, where you can literally choose anything that rocks your boat?
RUNI: You know, I do.
How is that kind of column going down generally?
You know, I get -- where the world has changed so much, I get amazingly lovely e-mails from readers when I write about that topic.
America's status as the sole super power is in real peril, isn't it?
It is.
What's the answer?
Well part of the answer is an end to the kind of polarized politics and bickering that we have.
How much do you blame the American public for being reckless with their own spending?
We've all been reckless.
Is President Obama lacking leadership, do you think?
I think he's trying very hard to lead right now.
Why is the world so obsessed with Harry Potter, if you and I, two reasonably intelligent individuals, have this completely passing us by?
You know, we're the two individuals who can't answer that because we haven't read or watched Harry Potter.
What was your take on it?
You know, I tuned into it kind of late.
Is that what you feel?
To me, when I watch her, her degree of hyperbole and hysteria doesn't feel to me like passion on behalf of victims solely.
Do you regret ever getting involved in restaurant critique?
No, no, it was a fantastic job.
What was the single best meal you've ever had in a restaurant?
You know, I get asked that --
Have you eaten there?
Yeah.
Or did it get quenched by al this gorging over the years?
I would love to say that the five and half years as restaurant critic put me off food and now I have to force myself to eat.
Has it helped you giving up the restaurant critiques?
Oddly, it has hurt me.
Are you mad?
Well, no, I still live here in New York and I spend most of my time here.
Do you feel like it's this terrible thing, like an addiction?
No, it's a whole -- I was in Washington last -- I lived there from 1998 to 2002, before I went to Rome.
Do you see a potential winner in a race against President Obama?
I think any smart better right now would have to say it's going to be Mitt Romney.
So what do you think went wrong here?
Well, Piers, number one, thank you for having me.
Why?
OK.
What did you feel when you watched those images?
Well, I felt a huge disappointment.
Or should she be allowed to lead the life she wants to lead?
Of course she should lead the life she wants to lead.
What does that mean?
It means that public opinion had been driven I think by the saturation coverage on television and all of the commentary, so that most people were directed to believe -- and, you know, I'm sure you wouldn't deny the fact you were directing people to think this -- that this woman killed her child.
Jealous?
Tell me about the -- I also love the fact that even then you could tell that you had this kind of firebrand attitude.
Was it as simple as that?
You know, Piers, it's so complicated.
When you get criticized, what do you think is the biggest misconception about you?
Oh, Piers, come on, you've been through this, I'm sure.
How has it come to this?
Well, yes.
How did you feel when your wife said this to you?
Well, I think -- I think you need to remember, too, that she is, from time to time, what's called a blackout drunk.
What do you hope to achieve by speaking publicly about this?
Well, I'll tell you a few things.
Is this a short, sharp, shock treatment that you have implemented here?
I won't rule any of those things out right now.
What is it that you say that keeps you all going?
I think that we have certain things that were instilled in us from my mother and my father as we grew up.
Now, who are you closest to, would you say?
I would say I'm closest to Billy.
Do you think he's serious about this kind of stuff?
I think that you have been caught in the -- like many other people, in this web, because I think it has always been a plan of his.
It's all about you, isn't it?
Of course, at the end of the day.
Eva, how are you?
I'm good.
How are you?
Lovely to have you in my studio.
What do you mean?
Occupation.
What do you call yourself?
Actor is on there.
That excites me?
Yes, one of those things that I mentioned.
Really?
I mean like when you're older you have a better appreciation for history or for knowledge.
What are you -- what are you actually studying?
Chicano studies and political science.
What is Chicano studies?
Chicano studies is the study mostly of the Mexican- American movement that has happened in the United States, and the history of Mexican-Americans.
Can I?
Yes.
You can be an honorary Chicano?
You can be an honorary Chicano.
Really?
Yes.
What do I have to do?
Well, you have to help us in the fight for social justice and believe in equality for everyone.
How important are your roots to you?
Pretty important.
You had to learn Spanish?
Yes.
Do you speak French?
I speak a bit of French.
Immigration?
When I came here, I couldn't believe the hot issue it really is.
How would you fix things?
Well, that's a loaded question.
Do you think he has lived up to expectations?
I think he had a lot on his plate.
It's heartbreaking to see kids having to do this in modern ages, isn't it?
The great thing about this documentary is that -- actually we produced it so it can be used as a political tool to change the way agricultural workers are treated in the United States.
You're quite an activist, aren't you?
Yes.
Yes?
You shouldn't be, but I am.
How do you deal with that as someone who's got in your own family?
Yes.
How is she doing?
She's doing amazing.
I mean, to have somebody in your life who, none of that means anything to at all and who's not impressed by any of that because why would she be?
Yes.
It makes it very natural for you, doesn't it?
She's very grounding.
Don't you find that a bit unsettling when you go home?
Yes.
No entourage?
Yes.
What's the matter with you?
I'm really not a complainer.
Do we say slouch, lay back, think of England?
I'm going to go sit in your lap.
Why do you think I put you in an uncomfortable chair?
Right.
Aren't you?
Yes, I tweet a lot.
What's the attraction of Twitter?
You know it's funny because Demi Moore and Ashton were, like, you know, the really pioneers of getting everybody on Twitter.
Are you a drunk tweeter?
No, not drunk tweeting.
It's more to do with putting stuff out there where you -- why did I do that?
No.
Like if you choose to make your life so public?
Yes.
Because it's so easy now to become a celebrity?
No, because I mean -- really I don't really care.
You're look like a mini Oprah, aren't you?
Yes.
What's the Eva Longoria brand?
Well, I think similar to Oprah.
Are you tough enough to be a mogul, do you think?
Yes.
Are you not to be messed with?
I am not to be messed with.
I mean seriously, could you ever go out with a man with a soft handshake?
Never.
Who?
I'm not going to name them now.
Who taught you direct eye contact and firm handshake?
Probably my family.
They're all strong women, aren't they?
And they're all strong, strong women.
What do they make -- what do they make of what's happened to you?
They're proud.
Are they -- do they quite believe it?
Well, I was always different.
Do I like being famous?
Yes.
Or does it make no difference?
Absolutely.
Did you imagine you would be married for life?
Yes.
But did you really believe this was the guy, this was the one for you for life?
Oh, yes.
What?
It all came out.
The marriage?
Yes.
Do you feel humiliated?
A bit, yes.
What more could a guy want, frankly?
Well, you know, like I said, we just -- you want different things.
Is there any way back as far as you're concerned, if a man behaves that way towards you?
I don't know.
Do you think he wants to?
I don't know.
Would you get married again?
Oh, that's a horrible question to ask when I just got divorced.
It's not top of your list, is it?
Yes.
Are you actually divorced yet?
Yes, we've been divorced for a while.
How old is your wife?
She's 10 years younger than me.
Really?
I recommend it.
I mean, even though she's younger?
Tell me about your --
Do you mind when those pictures come out?
No.
Do you like being in love?
I love being in love.
How many times have you been properly in love?
Once.
And you married him?
And I married him.
How many times have you been in love?
More than that.
What's the next subject?
Well, you did say move on, but I think we'll stick around for a while if you don't mind.
Has what happened to you damaged your ability to love, do you think?
You know, I thought it would -- was actually really, was really disappointed in the concept of loyalty and faithfulness and things like that, but, no, I can't let it.
What is the way to have a civilized break?
I don't know.
Did that particularly worry you, that you kind of reached a point in a relationship where you were about to have children and suddenly it's not the future you thought you had?
It's still my future, I still will have children.
I mean, are you in an exclusive situation with your playboy or is there a door opening here?
No.
If you had a dream number, what it would be?
It would be four.
Oh, really?
Yes.
Why should I get excited by your cookbook?
I love to cook.
Oh, it's called guac, is it, you call in the trade?
Well, guacamole.
Now, are these your little signature things?
These are my signature things.
Now the interview starts, huh?
I love margaritas.
But this is all quite simple food, isn't it?
It's all very simple and, you know, I'm not a chef.
Do you think there's someone watching this who can't cook, like me, if they read this book?
If you can read, you can cook.
Why?
You know, the people you reach.
Oh, God, what are you going to say?
Sex.
Did she tell you that?
She told me that.
On air?
No, it wasn't on air, no.
None?
Good for Gwyn.
Is that true?
I am.
When you see the Oscars on TV, do you think -- do you start practicing the speech that may never happen?
No, I don't.
Do you like politics?
I actually love --
Can you imagine?
Yes.
What about Oprah-Eva ticket?
ONGORIA: I know.
What's been the moment you'd relive tomorrow if you had the chance?
You know, people ask me this all the time.
Any movies?
Well, yes, I just did -- finished a film called "Cristiada" with Andy Garcia.
When's it out?
In the fall.
Were you a good hog slayer?
I was.
What does that mean?
Well, I tell a lot of stories in my standup act that, you know, or my points of view of different things.
To put it mildly, haven't you?
Well, I think if you do standup, the kind of standup I like, you've got to tell the truth and you know hopefully you've had some interesting things.
Is there anything about your life that you can't joke about?
Well, I can't think of anything.
Your weight, the way you look, everything?
My battle with food and my weight is the core of every -- of my alcoholism, of everything.
And how are you feeling these days about the way you look?
I need to lose some weight.
Did you remember that experience well?
I remember working at Hormel very well.
Were you a good hog slayer?
I was.
Were they eating a bacon sandwich at the time, don't they?
Absolutely.
In what way?
I mean, they are animals.
Do you feel guilty?
Probably.
Do you ever wonder if your life hadn't taken a deviation in standup, do you ever wonder if you could -- if you were still there now?
You know, when I don't feel -- you know, I got fired from Hormel.
What?
So -- yes, it was first --
You did what?
Well, me, Mike, and Mo, who are still buddies of mine to this day, there's nothing to do in Ottumwa, Iowa, after 10:00.
What was that moment like?
Terrifying.
When was the moment that you realized this could be a career, and not just a bit of fun for you?
The first time I got offered a paying job, $15, I was in University of Iowa and I had some standup.
I mean, is that a good thing or not a good thing for you?
You know, but people have to understand, I haven't talked to her, you know, face to face in almost 18 years.
Do you ever?
No.
Do you follow her on Twitter?
No.
But I would imagine for a while, it must have been electrifying, wasn't it?
Well, it was great fun because we met in 1983.
Did any part of you missing that kind of chaotic exciting, you're center stage?
Oh, I'm sure the alcoholic part of me, the self-destructive part of me misses it.
When you go to a newsstand, do you ever have a little thought (ph) of, oh, I wish they were putting me on the cover again?
Like I say, there's that voice inside of me, it's not a happy voice that does.
And what would you say to her if she's watching?
I'd say good luck with your show.
Do you think she'll be pleased that you're happy?
Part of her, no.
Rather impressive remarks there I think, Tom, to your old friend Arnold Schwarzenegger?
Yes.
What do you make of what's been going on?
Well, you have to understand he grew up in a -- much like me in a small town in -- in Austria in his case.
Were you -- were you as shocked as everybody else?
Yes.
About what's been going on?
Well, we see each other.
At what point can you crack a joke about this?
Well, the only joke that I can crack is that he can no longer make fun of the women that I've been with.
But to him personally, just as a guy, a friend of yours, how is he dealing with it?
He's always been tough about that stuff.
Is that a go, or is it -- but might that happen?
I think it's a go.
You've been talking about it?
Absolutely, we've been talking about it.
The -- what kind of man is Arnold Schwarzenegger?
I think Arnold is a great man.
You think he has physical aspirations or is that pretty well dead in the water, do you think?
I don't know.
Do you feel because of that, because politics has now been shut down really for him, that the movies, which is what propelled him really into the stratosphere, that that may be the love again for him, that he may just go back to that?
Absolutely.
I mean, it's like a -- it's a torturous process, isn't it?
It is torturous, and it's monotonous.
You've made 100 movies?
Yes.
Which is your favorite?
Well, I mean, I loved "True Lies" --
The one you don't like to talk about in civilized company?
I think there was one.
-- at your worst, what are we talking in terms of consumption?
I was about a half ounce a day --
Really?
-- of cocaine.
Did you remember how that made you feel?
Well, I will tell you this.
Do you -- do you drink at all now?
No.
Literally nothing at all?
Nothing.
And do you ever get tempted?
I watch people sometimes, normal people.
Did you have any regrets about it, or is it something that happened to you, that you're just pleased you moved on that was for a long time probably quite a bit fun?
RNOLD: I have regrets about the way I acted, you know, when I was using drugs and alcohol.
How much of what went on then do you think determined how you became in your earlier adulthood?
Well, relationships-wise, if your mom leaves when you're four, you know, anything is possible.
What happened to the abuser?
Well, after I got sober, you know, you -- you spin through things, and you work on things.
What did you do?
I just -- I just said what I had to say.
Did you hit him?
No.
And did it bring you any kind of closure?
Absolutely.
Who gave it to you?
The best advice was to make it the priority of my day every day above my relationship witness, above my career.
And who gave you that advice?
Well, I got a lot of advice.
When you see someone like Charlie going through what he's been through the last few months, what's been your -- your view watching from afar?
Well, you know, I love Charlie.
I mean, there in a nutshell is the immorality of Hollywood, isn't it?
That's the immorality of -- of everywhere.
What in the end made you stop?
I -- there was a night.
Does he have anyone around him that can give him that hug?
You know, he's lost a lot this year.
What did you think of that decision?
I think Ashton would be great.
Have you managed to, despite all the partying and the extravagances and so on, have you retained enough to be pretty comfortable the rest of your life?
Well, if I'd have continued partying, obviously, I wouldn't have anything.
Money?
Security has brought me happiness.
Is that something that you'd like to do now?
Yes, we'd like to do that.
Do you think you'd be a good father?
I hope so, yes.
Who makes you laugh out loud?
You know, I liked -- sounds crazy but I liked Bob Hope a lot when I first moved out here because my dad used to laugh at him, get home from work late and I could hear him and my dad howling laughing and so, when I got to a Bob Hope special, that was a big thing.
Is he the guy that all stand-ups revere?
Yes.
He is, you know?
.
Why was he so special?
Because he dealt with the harshest stuff, with drug addiction, with -- you know, horrible injuries that happened to him.
What are you working on?
I'm Just finishing a movie that -- Dax Sheppard, who is the funniest man in America now is directing, with Bradley Cooper, as I said, playing a bad guy, and working -- movie stuff, I'm on the road.
And you're also involved in independent films, right?
Yes.
Given your often outrageous life, if I could give you five minutes to relive one moment in your life and it couldn't be wives or children, what would it be?
I would probably be more careful with my career in the '90s, you know, instead of taking a lot of things --
The single greatest thing, do you think?
I would say -- I don't mean to sound cliche but my marriage to Ashley, because I quit the marriage thing.
Who is going to blink first?
That's right.
Is it conceivable that we could get to August the 2nd and a default happens?
It is definitely conceivable.
Can you envisage that kind of scenario?
No.
Yes, I mean, Kate Bolduan, let me go to you, because while President Obama was putting his arm around John Boehner and saying, hey, we're great pals, John Boehner was pretty quick to say, get your hands off me, buddy, wasn't he?
Yes.
What did they really mean?
Well, Piers, had these speeches been given three or four weeks ago, I think they would have been welcome as part of the political discourse.
Has anyone come away better than they did half an hour ago?
I think probably each fellow came off better in his base.
Can such an intransigent position be helpful to the Republicans right now?
Well, I think there is no doubt that if had just been John Boehner and let's stay the more established Republican leadership, a deal would have been struck.
Is it?
Well, Piers, no.
What did he make of his golfing partner's comments?
Well, I actually -- we were walking out of the room.
Is the president prepared to invoke the 14th Amendment and unilaterally raise the debt and simply overrule everyone and go alone?
Listen, there are no off-ramps here.
What does the president do?
Well, listen, we're going to keep making the case, privately and publicly, that compromise is the only option here.
Would you encourage the president to take that option, if all else failed?
Well, I think we ought to avoid that option if we could.
What more do they want?
Senator Schumer, thank you.
Isn't it time you guys took one for the team, the team being America?
Well, if the team is America, the issue is how to get this economy moving again.
He had a point, didn't he, the president, raising that quote?
He did.
Are you guys prepared to compromise, as the president asked, and get the deal done?
Again, I think it's happening.
You don't want that, do you?
Well, I'm opposed to the idea of going bankrupt or hitting the debt ceiling.
Who is it going to be?
Well, look, the Republicans would like six trillion dollars in spending restraint over the next ten years.
So what are they waiting for?
Americans deserve an honest approach.
I mean at the moment, as things stand, do you actually have any hope of doing a deal?
Absolutely we do.
Because something has to happen, doesn't it?
Well, the only thing that can -- the only thing that can break this impasse, the stalemate, as the president talked about on Monday night, is compromise.
I mean do you guys really appreciate how ridiculous this all looks to ordinary people?
Yes.
And when you look at the unemployment figures at the moment you look at the potential crisis as it would be of the credit rating coming down, you know how much blame are you guys taking in there for where we are today?
Well, what the president has always said is that we didn't get into this mess overnight, we're not going to get out of it overnight.
I mean are you concerned about that eventuality?
Well, we are -- we are certainly concerned about a potential downgrade.
Has president responded to the CEOs yet?
He has -- people all across the White House have been in touch with CEOs around the country to talk about this.
Are we heading towards any kind of this compromise the president talked about?
I'll tell you, it's a really strange mood, if you will, Piers.
Where are we?
We're stuck right now because we're talking about a financial deficit.
Could you imagine a scenario where actually the country does go into default or not?
I would still say tonight that most of the people who have the votes and the power think it's unlikely.
It's been a pretty awful day for the speaker, hasn't it?
Actually the speaker says he's made tremendous progress today and that we're narrowing in on those final votes.
But it is us sitting down and saying OK, what can we get through the Senate and on to the president's desk because we don't want to see America default?
I mean you talked there about game changing, I think the American public are sick and tired of games for a start.
You must get a sense of that from the public that you meet, don't you?
Absolutely.
Would you agree with that?
I would say that there are those that believe that this -- the plan that Boehner has brought forward doesn't go far enough.
Senator, why are so fatalistic about this?
Well, because the short-term bill that has us going back at these three months from now when you've seen how much trouble it's causing now will just roil the credit markets, risk our credit agency, and tie up the Congress from doing other things like focusing on jobs and the economy.
I mean the reality is that you guys have continued to preside over a tanking economy for a long time now and the point we can keep blaming President Bush and the Republicans is rapidly getting to the point where you can't do it anymore, isn't it?
Well -- I mean, you can talk about the economy.
Wouldn't that be the master stroke here to say, look, I can't work with these intransigent Republicans for a second longer, the country comes first, I've got the power to do this, and I'm going to do it?
Well, here's the -- the ideal situation, frankly, is to just raise the debt ceiling which has been undone 39 times before by Republicans and Democrats alike.
If we get to next week and America does default, do you think the decent thing to do would be for all of you to resign?
Well, God forbid we default.
What is holding it up?
Well, frankly, right now, we have all kind of politics going on that are, as I call it, toxic.
Until there is less intransigence by the Republicans on that key thing, how can you talk about a great reformation?
First of all, the way we need to approach tax reform, which I think most of the experts acknowledge, is to reduce rates and reduce the tax expenditures accordingly, and then grow the economy through the kind of stimulative impact that that kind of powerful tax reform would have.
Has he lost control?
I don't think he's lost control, but it's very clear that the effort by the speaker to come through with yet another -- a third approach now to try to put something forward to the Senate that the Senate Democrats can accept is moving so far in that direction that he's starting to lose votes on the other side.
What the hell are you lot playing at?
I think you summed it up quite nicely, Piers.
And is that a precursor to what we may see going forward to election year?
It is, absolutely.
What happens?
Somebody has to stand down.
John King, scale of one to 100 of political crises that you've covered over the years, where are we with this?
Scale of one to 100.
When you were president of Mexico, could you ever have imagined a scenario like this?
No, not at all.
Why has the world's number one superpower got itself into such a terrible mess financially?
Well, it's incredible, because people are not thinking on the future.
So where are we going to be leading the dream of the Founding Fathers of this nation?
It's a very worrying time.
When you see the politicians on both sides, Democrat and Republican, squabbling now, trading insults and all the rest of it, with such a serious situation so close, what do you think of that?
Dangerous game that is being played here.
If you were President Obama, and you've been a president of Mexico for six years -- if you were in his shoe right new and you're facing a 14 trillion dollar debt in this country, what can he do quickly to try and sort things out, do you think?
Well, he has to negotiate.
What do you think?
Yeah.
If it was a business, would it go bankrupt the way things are going?
Oh, yes, no doubt.
Is it as simple as, sorry, you are Republicans, we didn't like the bill -- we're Democrats, we're not having it?
It's not that simple because they have to come up, Piers, with some sort of compromise, they have to come up with come sort of plan that can pass the Senate and but then go back to the House of Representatives and pass there -- something that the president could sign that would allow the United States to raise the debt ceiling and avert some sort of financial disaster come Tuesday.
Jessica, it's been a day of frantic arm twisting, but we've ended up really absolutely nowhere, haven't we?
That's right.
Senator Durbin?
I'm sure you recall the speech that was given to the American people on Monday night by Speaker Boehner.
What is your contingency plan if this doesn't get through the Senate?
Oh, I think Senator Schumer laid that out pretty clearly.
I know you're calling for Leader McConnell to come to the table and negotiate, but what is the way forward from here?
It's up to the Republicans.
Are all of the increased savings due to (INAUDIBLE)?
CBO has come up with those numbers and I told you before, we have laid out all the numbers, you can dissect them, look at them.
And I heard a report earlier and maybe you can confirm this, that Speaker Boehner and the president haven't actually exchanged a single word in five days?
That's right.
I mean, you are so way out of step with public opinion, aren't you?
Well, it's nice no chat with you, Piers.
It doesn't even get debated, don't you think, Piers, that's a little unreasonable?
No, I think what they think is unreasonable, is not a question of being partisan.
How exactly do you guys expect this country's economy to recover?
Well, what you do is you look at House Republicans, twice, not once, but twice.
Where are we with this?
Well, there's clearly, Piers, an internal battle going on within the Republican Party right now.
Where is that compromise?
OK.
What's been happening?
No, I don't think Speaker Boehner has lost any of his power.
Who is taking responsibility for this?
I'll tell you this, Piers.
Are you?
Well, it's kind of interesting that you say 64 percent are willing to raise taxes when we know that 47 percent of wage earning households in America don't even pay taxes.
Finally, Allen West, should we go to default here, an unprecedented catastrophe in the history of America, who has to resign?
Well, I'm not looking for anyone to resign.
But would it be a massive blow to the Democrats or more of a blow to Republicans?
I think it will be a blow to both, probably roughly equal, depending on how you look at it.
How would do you that?
If I could have my way, cut, cap and balance would be law of the land.
Are you aware of the rising sentiment around the world that this is looking fairly shameful for the American political process?
Look, we're a democracy.
What do you make of it?
Well, I actually think there are three things going on that make for high drama and a lot of frustration, as you have been describing on your program.
He has a point, doesn't he?
Well, I think there are many Republicans who oppose balanced budget.
Business booming, right?
Absolutely.
What do you think the answer is?
Well, you know, we're a pizza company.
You're a bipartisan operation, are you?
Yes, sir.
How many pizzas did you actually deliver last night?
Last night was a relatively good-sized order, 20 pizzas up to Representative Boehner.
Is he on the spicy side of life?
You know, that's a good question.
And did they pay cash or credit?
I believe it was credit.
An old man sitting on his ass?
I thought I was screaming --
Or is it fraught with pitfalls and potholes?
Well, I'm 50.
Did you find as you get more famous and successful, being very honest and candid is problematic?
You know, it really is, because when I do standup, you're your own boss.
Do you find a constant conflict between those two roles?
You know, it's interesting because as a child growing up, and a lot of our great sitcoms come from adaptations of British shows.
Do you mind all of the attention that comes with such a swap?
You know, I -- I like the show.
Was that me?
I'm afraid it was, yes.
Like what?
You know, there were things that he said that I was not appropriate to people of my own color.
Really?
Which I found disingenuous from somebody else.
What did he mean by that, do you think?
I think when you understand the material, you understand it.
Why is that?
I have no idea.
I mean, is he much more competitive than people realize, do you think?
I don't -- you know, I don't know if competition is the right word.
Do you think he sees you as a threat potentially?
No, no.
Isn't that the Holy Grail still?
Well, if you ask me personally -- I know you didn't ask me -- who I thought should have been the host of the "Tonight Show", I think when Johnny Carson left, which I was fortunate enough to do that show with him in 1991, I thought the heir apparent would have been David Letterman.
And you still believe that?
I do.
How did you feel when Conan and Jay had their huge split?
Well, you know, personally, in my opinion, I don't think that "The Tonight Show" should have been offered to Jay -- to Conan O'Brien.
Do you do that?
Absolutely.
You're going to breastfeed him?
We're going to go outside the family and get somebody to help.
Do you miss doing the show?
You know what, I do.
And they both left before you were like 10 or 11 years old?
Yes.
But neither your parents nor your grandmother ever told you they loved you?
No, no.
Do you like to be loved by lots of people now, in the way that you are?
That's an interesting question.
Do you feel damaged by your upbringing still?
You know, if I was a can at the store, if I was a can of soup at the store, I would have a dent in me and I would be in that basket that they have at the end of the hall, at the end of the aisle that says these are 99 cents, everything in the can.
Did you remember that and how it made you feel?
Yes, I remember.
At least she was there, right?
At least she was there.
So she may not have been perfect by a long way and clearly wasn't able of expressing the kind of love and care that you might have wanted, but she didn't abandon you, right?
She did not.
Really?
Yes.
Where do you keep her?
I keep her in my dressing room.
Do you really?
Yes.
Really?
Yes.
And when you look at her, what do you think?
I think that I wasted a -- I think that I wasted a lot of time not seeing her when I should've spent more time with her.
Is there anything you wished you'd said to her that you never got the chance to?
I wish that I would've told her that there was nobody that loved her more or anybody that would've protected her more than me.
Despite the fact that she wouldn't show that -- do you think she knew?
Yes, I think she did.
Do you ever think about your parents, or are they just something that you blanked out, really?
You know, I -- on Father's Day this year, my friend -- a friend of mine, we'd just come back into town.
What did marriage bring you, given all that you'd been through?
You know, Ann -- Ann was great.
How much do you think was unfair?
The kidney thing created an awareness of kidney disease, but also of a wife giving a gift to her husband, which I've run into a lot of people that have done that.
Really?
Yes.
How do you feel about that?
It's a problem for me.
Or is it fraught with pitfalls and potholes?
Well, I'm 50, so I think I'm fraught with pitfalls and pot holes.
So, what are you going to do?
I --
What's going to happen?
I'm going to take Tylenol PMs and sleep a lot.
How's your daughter been through the whole divorce?
It's been a little difficult for her.
She was 15?
She was 14, and she's 15 now.
Do you think you're a good father?
I don't think I -- you know, I always wanted a father.
ORGAN: Do you think you have it in you to be the father you'd like to be?
For her, yes, because it's my only unconditional love.
Would you like to be?
We have Obama, we'll have Lobama.
Really?
Absolutely.
Why would you seek public office?
This is a great city, and it's my city.
What do you care about most?
-- bonding the city back.
Would that be fair?
Well, I'm disappointed with his performance as far as immigration goes.
Really?
I will go further north.
You would literally leave the country?
I would leave the United States of America.
Why would you be so drastic?
OPEZ: You know, I like my politicians to actually have a political background, to be politically -- to know politics, to actually have inherited something from working in the political world.
How does she resonate with people?
Well, she's --
Do you find it quite scary?
I think it's scary to me now politically that -- and addressing the immigration thing, again, with Carlos Santana is that we feel like whether we're here -- there are more people in the United States here legally than illegally, but there is a service provided that no one else wants to do.
And what is the simple best way of getting somewhere to resolving this?
You know, you have to make us feel like we're important in the United States.
Have you got bigger political aspirations?
I would win -- no.
I kissed a Smurf and I liked it?
It's an embarrassment of riches.
Right, Smurfs?
Yes, you said it, absolutely, of course!
But you didn't actually get to see any of them, right, in the filming?
I did not see any of them.
Really?
Yes.
Do you like being famous or is it quite restricting now?
I like the fact that I did something that I never imagined that I would do and something I told my friends I was going to do, whether I believed it or not.
I'm going to come over a final break and ask you if you could relive one moment in your life, again, what would it be?
OK.
She sort of found you, didn't she?
I would say that without Sandra Bullock, I would not have had an opportunity to -- in the last 10 years, to have the career that I've had.
And do you still stay close to her?
On occasion we talk, yes.
She just didn't deserve that, did she?
No, she's a good woman and she had -- has always been very loving to everybody, very fair to everybody.
If you could relive one moment again, what would it be?
You know, I -- it's interesting, because it's -- I was a -- I was a huge Freddie Prinze fan, of "Chico and the Man."
What have you really learned about yourself?
You know, the one thing that I believe that nothing was ever going to be given to me, and nothing was ever going to be easy.
But is anybody in Washington really happy now?
This process has been messy.
Will this make the economy even worse?
This agreement cast a long- term shadow on our nation's reasonableness and our reliability.
Has Congress shot itself in the foot?
The American people hold us and their low opinion of us, because we are failing to do what they think is our job, and by the way, they are right.
No one expected that and it was really not a dry eye in the House, right?
It was very emotional, and understandably so, because we really haven't seen much of her a little bit when her husband took off on the shuttle, but there she was.
Who's come out of this badly?
Probably the Tea Party supporters have come out of it pretty well because they did manage successfully to get this entire issue linked, reducing the national debt and raising the debt ceiling.
And pretty much stabbed the speaker, John Boehner flat in the back, didn't they?
I think that's a pretty good way of putting it.
Nobody really seems to believe, Erin, that anything in this deal is actually going to stimulate the American economy and that in itself is incredibly serious, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
Very quickly, Erin, predictions for the markets tomorrow morning?
It's going to be a tough one.
Could his position be in jeopardy?
LITZER: I don't think his position is in jeopardy.
Where did you win and where did you lose in this debate?
Well, I think the American people won in that we were able to bring down the deficit in this first step.
What did you make of that?
Well, it was extraordinary.
Senator Sessions, how will you be voting tomorrow?
I have decided I will not vote for the bill, although I really respect the people who've worked on it and the fact that it does take some real progress toward reducing spending, although far less than we need.
What do you say of that?
No, I know -- I think the Tea Party movement represented a spontaneous American expression of shock and concern over the spending that was going on in Washington.
As a Republican, are you concerned about that or do you embrace it?
I embrace it.
I mean it was tear-jerking, wasn't it?
It really was.
Can she have normal conversation?
UPTA: Well, you know what, when you think about, you know, cognition overall, Piers, it's sort of two ways to divide it.
And from a therapeutic point of view, Sanjay, would something like today with the outpouring of emotion and everything else, would that be seen as a good thing, do you think, for her?
Well, I think so.
So I can only assume that you would have been quite happy for your country to go into catastrophic default?
Well, then you would have assumed wrong obviously.
And finally, Congressman, presumably, you believe that Speaker Boehner should now resign given he's authorized this terrible deal?
Of course, I don't believe that.
If he's done such a great job, why did you stab him in the back?
I didn't stab him in the back.
Why is that?
For saying things like that, Piers.
Arianna, why do you say that?
I say that, Piers, because here we have a major crisis in the country.
Did Nancy Pelosi say that, too?
Apparently, yeah.
So the Tea Party, really, have been calling the shots with both sides?
Well, the Tea Party was allowed to call the shots.
What do you think today's deal, and the Senate presumably approving it tomorrow, will actually do for parents and families in America?
Well, that is really the problem, Piers.
Do you fear that America, despite all of the protestations to the contrary, that America could go through the same thing that Greece has been through?
Well, I'm ultimately an optimist.
What was your view?
Well, I believe that there should have been tax increases, if only for a political matter, because everybody in the country, it seems to me, has to be seen to be participating in what I call shared sacrifice.
Here's the question for you, if I get you back on the show in a month's time, are you absolutely certain this no taxation at any cost policy of yours will mean that the economy will have recovered?
Well, it moves us at least in the right direction.
At what point do you and the Republicans that agree with your position on taxation stop and think actually we have to consider it?
I don't think that putting leaches on a patient is ever a good idea.
What should they be doing with their money right now?
Well, that's the funny thing about it.
But at what cost?
It shouldn't take the risk of default to get folks in this town to work together and do their jobs.
Who else do you think can come out of this genuinely feeling it's been a good period for them?
In an odd way, the president of the United States wins even though he loses.
What's your assessment of where we are with this deal?
It's very simple, Piers.
What was it like for you to be with the congresswoman?
Well, it's always wonderful to be with Gabby no matter -- no matter what opportunity you have to spend time with her.
How would you describe her condition at the moment?
ARUSONE: Well, I mean she's in this rehab program for a reason.
What did she say to you?
Well, on the way in and the way out, she just was emotional.
So what -- what is her political aspiration now?
Well, you know, that's flattering of you to say, but, you know, for Gabby it's day by day right now.
Is this the Tea Party's finest hour?
You know, I think the finest hour actually took place back in 2009 when the Tea Party started and the uprising began.
Who -- wouldn't be asking their politicians if this is the appropriate next step to take?
But my problem, I guess, Mark Meckler, is that it's very easy to run into government on a ticker that we want to cut spending.
Do you feel you're either of those things?
I think it's crazy that the other side calls us so many names.
So you have this division within your own party, don't you?
To say it's within our own party is incorrect.
And could we see a scenario potentially following that argument where you would support Barack Obama in the next election?
Well, that is a fact.
If you were John Boehner, how would you be feeling right now?
I'm sure John Boehner feels very frustrated and unappreciated.
Hilary Rosen, do you agree with that?
The reason John Boehner didn't get more done was because unfortunately people like Dick Armey were out there sending out e-mails to groups of conservatives and -- and criticizing him, don't compromise with the president.
The Tea Party, by common consent, are the political winners in all of this, aren't they?
Well, first of all, there's nobody that I know that's a Tea Party activist in America that sees themselves as part of a political party.
You've got to say that at the moment, who takes on Obama?
You know, and you've got the major Republican presidential candidates who, if they had their way, would have brought the country into default.
Who stands right now?
Well, quite frankly, my own view is that President Obama has demonstrated himself to be -- first of all, he's so ideologically defined, he virtually understands nothing but income redistribution, and he's incompetent at even doing that, to the frustration of the --
However, what is the answer to my question, which is, which of all the candidates right now -- and there's a clear split ideologically between the Michele Bachmann end of things and the Mitt Romney end of things -- which of the candidates who have declared an interest so far do you believe could beat the president?
All of the above.
I mean, what would you say, Hilary?
I think that no matter who they nominate, they're going to coalesce around the candidate and try and spend the billions of dollars to try and defeat the president.
When you heard about what had happened, as somebody that concocts these outrageous plot lines yourself, were you surprised by what you heard?
I wasn't surprised by what I heard.
Were you critical at all of the time it took the authorities there to get to that island?
Absolutely.
Wouldn't you?
You would think so.
What is the plot here?
Well, my books -- I think one of the hallmarks of my thrillers is that they're based in reality.
What makes you, Brad Thor, an apparently normal guy, have these incredibly weird, random thoughts?
Steven King had a great line.
Or happen?
Well, I always joke around that the Red Cell Program is the Las Vegas of government programs.
What was the fallout like for you personally after that?
We got a lot of threats, which was not easy for me as a husband and father.
What was that like?
That for me was as great as it was -- being part of the Red Cell Program, that for me was a dream come true.
Do you think it's a more dangerous world now than it was in 2001?
Absolutely.
Does it?
Because I'm nothing like her.
When people see you in the street, how many say -- percentage wise, just a rough guess -- how many say Phoebe and how many say Lisa?
It's 50-50.
And do you mind?
No.
I'm proud and you said warm?
Yes.
Did you become a lighter, warmer, cuddly person as a result of playing this character?
Yes.
Really?
I mean, definitely -- well, between Phoebe and the five other actors on the show, we were all really affectionate and warm and, you know, we just had a great relationship.
Squillions?
Yes.
How did making that program change you, do you think?
Well, I think it -- in a -- in a few ways.
I mean, what's the real Lisa Kudrow like?
Oh, I don't know.
Really?
Yes.
Why do you think that you've been able to have such a sustainable and happy marriage?
Because of the weird.
Because you're weird?
I think it's the weird.
And because your husband likes weirdness or tolerates weirdness?
I think he tolerates it, because he definitely -- he tolerates it.
How do you avoid the pitfalls, the cliches?
I come -- I mean, honestly, I think just commitment and thinking very far ahead, sometimes maybe too far ahead.
At what -- at what stage of your "Friends"' mayhem did you meet your husband?
Oh, I met him just before -- I met him before "Friends".
So he lived the whole thing with you?
Yes.
To Vegas?
They don't go -- no.
Would you allow that?
Yes, I would.
Because you completely trust him?
I trust him.
Did you find fame corrupting at all?
Yes.
Did you -- did you go through periods when it affected the kind of person you are?
Yes, I think so.
Is that part of it?
I do think that's part of it.
Does that bother you or is it almost liberating that you had this incredible Mount Everest moment in your career?
Yes.
Really?
Yes.
Oh, really?
Everyone loved Phoebe.
Don't you think?
Like a mascot.
Jennifer missing out on that list?
Yes, I haven't talked to Jennifer in a long time.
So how long?
I don't know.
Years?
It's been a long time.
Do you, where you completely lose it?
Well, I mean I've raised a child so, yes.
Really?
Yes.
He's -- how old is he now, 13?
UDROW: Yes.
Uh-huh?
I've been through all the stages.
And it is a fascinating thing to watch young men becoming men, isn't it?
So far.
Does he watch it on television when it comes on?
He doesn't watch it.
You're not cool enough?
-- or "The Simpsons," so -- no.
Were they despairing of you?
Well, I wasn't on a sitcom for like eight or 10 years later.
How intense were you before all this?
I think I was intense.
So you dyed your hair, what was your natural color?
Brown.
You were brown-haired?
Yes.
And then you died it blond and you immediately lightened up?
I just started to gradually lighten up, I think.
With your biology hat on, what does this mean?
I think people treat you a little differently too when you're blonde.
Don't they think you're a bit more ditzy?
They might.
Really?
Yes.
So you learn more, ironically, because people view you as more stupid?
Yes.
You're Camilla "Boner"?
No, no, no.
Why did you come up with this thing?
Well, it was just -- you know, people kept asking my partner, Dan Bucatinsky, and I if we wanted to do a Web series.
Meryl Streep, I mean, goddess, right?
Yes.
In real life as big a goddess?
Yes.
She's as nice as I assume she is?
Yes.
Do you crave big ratings again?
No, I crave enough ratings.
Do you think you ever will?
No, no, I don't think I ever will.
I had the power to give you any five minutes of your life?
UDROW: OK.
Just having Meryl Streep do it, it's almost like the pope blessing you if you're a Catholic, isn't it?
That's exactly -- yes.
What has been the moment your mother was most proud of you?
I mean, recently there was a magazine cover and a great article about me.
And does your mom (INAUDIBLE) does she sort of run around the neighborhood (INAUDIBLE) making sure that they're all stocked up?
Yes.
Any women?
Well, yes.
Oh, so you're gay?
No, I'm not gay, I'm manly, but I'm not gay.
How old are you now?
I'll be 42 in a couple of weeks.
You married a Brit?
I did.
But if you feel like you want to hit me, why don't you go ahead?
All right.
What do you really feel, warts and all?
You know, I can't believe I was that young.
I mean, how would you describe that process of going through the fame game?
Well, any time you're faced with fame on that level, it's -- it can be somewhat unnerving because you're never taught how to manage it and how to deal with it.
Do you desire that kind of hysteria again or are you just pleased it's behind you?
You know, I think everyone has their own individual experience.
What is the premise of the show?
The show is about Richard Fitzpatrick, the character that I play, Fitz.
So there's a touch of the Charlie Sheen sort of character, are we getting here?
Fitz, yes, Fitz is a bit of a Charlie Sheen kind of a character.
Have you and Charlie ever caroused together on the town?
Back in the day, you know, I used to go down to Charlie's house in Malibu.
And was it all I imagined it would be?
No.
Do you stay in touch with any of them or does everyone just move on?
Well, a lot of us have moved on because at the end of the day we were all just people who worked together.
Are you friends with any of them?
Yes, with some of them.
Where do you live now?
I live here in Los Angeles.
Is there a culture to L.A., do you think, or is the culture just driven by the entertainment business?
It's absolutely.
Have you found it brutal?
Yes, it is.
What has been the toughest moment for you personally?
My toughest moments were maybe in 2003, 2004, after I had my big racing accident, I was really trying to get back on my feet after that.
What?
Yes, yes.
When it happened, though, that big accident, did you fear that that might be the end for you in terms of your career?
I did.
And what happened next?
Well, we were on the road.
So you could see possible life at the end of the tunnel, couldn't you?
Yes.
Do you still have any cognitive problems?
Yes, my wife still has problems with me.
How important looking back do you think it is to have a spouse who's just absolutely there for you?
Piers, there's no -- there's no proof, you know, scientifically or medically that having a family around you in moments like that step up your recovery.
Have you been able to talk to any of Gabby Giffords' family throughout this process?
I've spoken to -- I've spoken to Mark, you know, her husband, who's been a remarkable astronaut, and I've covered that as well at NASA.
What do you -- what do you say to her?
You know, in some ways, Piers, I don't really -- I don't really know what to say.
You mean good news or bad news?
You know what, good and bad.
Do you think you're a better reporter in a strange way for what you've been through?
You know, some people have actually said that.
Did you see yourself at all in any of this?
Well, I -- when I was going up, I knew my body was back there, like I caught a glimpse of it.
You did?
Mm-hmm.
Attached to it?
Yes.
Like did you feel attached to it?
No.
Do you believe it was a religious thing or -- well, what was it?
You know, this is -- this is one of those things that we will know the absolute truth of what it is that we saw and what we lived through, you know, when we die.
Now is there a delay between the table?
No.
But is it true?
I said foxiest bikini model but you couldn't put that in the prompter.
Do you seek outrage?
Yes.
Why?
Because it's fun.
Do you have any filter?
No.
Have you seen one?
It's not obviously identifiable, I have to say.
You mean the Tea Party?
The Tea Party --
Where's my light?
And cancelled.
Filter?
No filter.
Daughters?
Not with the Bachmanns.
What can I not tell you?
You're an American citizen.
What do you think, in all seriousness, about what's happening to your country?
Well, I think that when I perform on the road I always thank the audience for buying a ticket because it's a big deal to buy a ticket for a live entertainment, get a baby-sitter and pay for the meal, the parking, whatever.
Do you think -- do you think Washington politicians have any real connect now to the American public?
Yes.
How do you make a deal with people who don't want to make a deal?
Yes, he brought the stimulus package that clearly hasn't been working.
My views about politics?
Yes.
Honey, if I -- well, how good is that?
You are, you're a businesswoman.
Why are you shy about being serious about the economy?
Because I don't think --
Why do you find it so absurd that I would ask you?
I actually do a lot of political humor, I do more now probably than I ever have.
Really?
Because you know, these politicians, they have quotes, they're the gift that keeps on giving.
Would you want to do that?
I think it'd be fun, it'd be newsworthy.
Which was?
You want to get Anderson fired.
Do you worry about being taken seriously?
No.
What are you doing?
I'm going to climb over the table.
What is happening here?
That's called a commercial bumper.
Are we going to be de-robing as the show goes on?
I have no issue with that.
Do you dream wistfully of being fired in totally (INAUDIBLE) and disgrace one day?
Yes.
Becoming unemployable?
Absolutely.
Why if you love it so much is it not on air anymore?
Well, I think because -- you know, when I started doing my show, reality was in a really different place.
Why can't -- why?
Just try and control yourself.
That's the best adjective you can come up with?
Well, the Twitter-sphere is going rather crazy about your performance so far.
All right, who else?
Steve Martin.
Is he as fun at a private dinner party as I would hope he is?
Yes.
Did you -- did you give him a lap dance?
Yes.
Bit of a brazen hussy, aren't you?
Yes.
What did Jack Nicholson think would be a terrible social network moment?
First of all, like he knows who you are.
Doesn't he?
No.
Did he talk about me?
Not once.
Really?
Hold on.
Do you watch HLN, because they're getting better numbers than you at this point?
Actually, they've luckily gone back since the trial ended.
Did you cover Casey Anthony?
A little bit.
Where are the twins?
I think she's a force for good.
Don't you think?
Yes, of course.
How old is she now?
Ninety one.
And you're admitting it?
Yes.
What town are you from?
I'm from Offuly (ph), is where my family eventually ended up.
Fact check, is there a fact check department?
It's a place called Banahurn Offuly (ph), which is about an hour from Dublin.
Really?
Yes.
Do you feel Irish?
I do when I watch "My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding."
How can we top this conversation?
We can beat this because we're going to talk about your plastic surgery.
What about yours?
I haven't had any.
You want to go down the list?
Yes, please.
Did it?
No.
How much have you spent in total on resculpting?
Probably -- this is so sick, but the first time I had it all done, I did like a trade out which is really one of my best whore moments ever.
ORGAN: What do you mean a trade out?
What I mean is I went to a doctor who said, OK, if "People Magazine" and "Entertainment Tonight" cover it, I'll comp it.
What did you hope would happen to you?
I was supposed to be Jennifer Anniston.
What went wrong?
It's just -- it just doesn't really do anything.
Did you go to Dr. Robert Maloney?
I didn't.
Do you like being engaged in Twitter?
I love Twitter.
How do you deal with the fury that you get?
Oh, I love it.
Do you like the engagement on Twitter with people?
No, I like that you don't engage.
You mean, people @KathyGriffin and @PiersMorgan?
Yes.
Does she?
Yes, she's a good one.
Can you get her to Tweet me in the middle of the night?
No, you're not big enough.
Do you?
Every night.
Are we done now?
You are done for about two minutes.
You mean my botched laser surgery?
I love that you made a deal with a doctor for plastic surgery.
Did you have to mention the doctor's name in interviews?
Yeah, of course.
How does this work?
You're still live on air.
What are you doing?
I don't know.
How many times have you been properly in love?
Oh, you did not -- I'll throw this mike pack at your --
How many?
I've never counted.
Like how many guys have I slept with?
Yeah.
How many digits would make you happy?
As many as are truthful.
If you could be trapped on a desert island for the rest of your life, right now, with one of your exes, who would it be?
You.
Are you single at the moment?
I'm single, but I'm dating.
Who are you dating?
Guys that ask me.
Any in particular?
The ones who I happen to be home when they call.
It's a nightmare, right?
Seriously.
How do they go?
Well, I'm super-excited when a guy picks up the tab and has a job.
Are you or not?
I'm happy for a good lay and a pizza and a smile.
Would you like to get married again?
No.
Why?
Did that.
Why?
I have a special needs child.
How do you see your life panning out?
Well, after this, it's in the crapper because of this.
No, I love to do what -- it was fun when you had that show on CNN, wasn't it?
Loved it.
Now do you go to the Emmy's or are you too high and mighty?
No, I went to the Emmy's last year.
Who is doing your dress?
I haven't decided yet.
Didn't I see you standing outside one of the pre-Emmy parties last time trying to meet people?
No.
Yes?
I'm the greeter at the --
RIFFIN: Did you enjoy it?
Yes, it was funny.
Why am I now really nervous about the last five minutes?
Because you're going to check your Twitter.
Friend of yours?
Old pal of mine, absolutely.
Rival?
Not at all.
If you had to choose a one-liner to be your last line on Earth, what would it be?
RIFFIN: Suck it.
Would you like me to help you?
You can do it tonight.
Would you like to do the tease to Anderson?
I insist.
Kyung, what is the latest over there?
Well, let's start with the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
What the hell is going on?
All right.
It's not just an American problem, is it?
No, it isn't an American problem and it is everyone's problem.
They really didn't get it, did they?
Well, if he was hoping to reassure investors out there, Piers, he failed because when he started speaking just before 2:00 Eastern Time here in the United States, the Dow was down about 400 points.
And shouldn't the senior politicians be reconvening to deal with this?
It certainly is a national emergency right now.
Ali, what do you think?
Yes, you're exactly -- you're exactly right.
Don't they?
They do.
Wolf, yes or no?
No.
Erin?
No.
Ali?
No.
ORGAN: Kyung?
People in Asia think so.
And if we are facing this catastrophe, what can President Obama do about it to stop it from happening?
Well, the probability of a double dip recession right now, in my view, is at least 50 percent.
And storms don't get much bigger than this, do they?
They don't.
Do you that if there are other people out there making a killing as everybody else loses?
I cannot speak to Mr. Soros.
Yes or no, do you think?
I think a double dip reselling is at this point very likely.
Mohamed El-Erian, yes or no, double dip recession?
High risk can be averted, but a high risk.
How should people take care of their money?
Well, the first thing you have to do is not sell into a falling market.
But the bad news is the value of those 401(k)s has been sliding, right?
And here's the worst news.
Is it happening again?
I don't know.
What's your gut feeling?
My gut feeling tells me we're in for a little bit of a rough ride.
What would you like to hear from him?
I actually had a conversation with my wife about this over the week.
Could you see that coming to America?
Let's be clear, we're a long way from that.
How bad is this from your point of view, from a guy that runs a big company in America?
Quite frankly, economic weakness is a time of opportunity, if you're prepared for it.
How do you reenergize the jobs market?
Well, obviously it starts with confidence.
With a straight face then, right?
Yes.
What is the global perspective?
The reason that the Asian markets and the South Pacific markets are lower is quite simply, having seen such a dramatic fall on Wall Street, there was no way they can stand as a bulwark against that tidal wave of selling and market turmoil.
I suppose the obvious question I want to put to you is how much of this is just opportunistic gangsterism, if you like, by disaffected youth, and how much of it is indicative of an underlying social problem caused by the financial malaise?
I think whatever it started out as on Saturday night, after the shooting earlier last week by the police of someone -- I think whatever it started out as has long since gone.
How do you see things going?
Piers, I have the shirt on my back and I have managed to keep it there for all these years because I've never given a prediction on where the market is going.
What do you think?
Yes, I think in some places we are heading for it.
Is this an unwinnable war now?
You know, I mean, it is like the war on crime.
What affect will that have on the moral there for the American military?
Well, I think for the SEAL community, it's a very tight community.
As you say, when you're seeing ten years on, the rangers and the SEALs really struggling, it should send a message, shouldn't it?
Yes.
Are there any tangible things that we can identify that have been progress made, if you like?
Yes.
Kyung, where are we right now?
Well, what started off as a bad day, Piers, is starting to look even worse.
Is it going to get worse and worse, do you think?
Traders are certainly bracing for that, that this is just the beginning.
What do you make of it all?
Well, it was really, the financial markets were having a hard time figuring out exactly what the Fed said in a really unprecedented statement.
Where do you think we actually are?
Well, the thing is that for those who have been saying, you know, be calm, carry on -- through all of this -- you know, feel a little bit of "I told you so" today.
And until job numbers improve, the American people are not going to feel better and feel confident in this economy?
I want to put all three of you on the spot here and ask you: where should the average American put their money now.
Where should an American put their money right now?
Well, I'm not an advisor, an investment advisor.
You've used way past your limit but what kind of stocks quickly?
I'm still very bullish on exports and multinationals, manufacturers and that sector.
Leigh Gallagher, can we try the 10-word rule with you?
I'll try.
Where are you going?
No, no.
Was that 11?
I think you actually did that in under 10 words.
What did you make of a Fed statement today?
Well, I think it was appropriate.
Why do you believe that they may be a friend?
I think -- I was talking about the immediate crisis, the financial crisis going on now despite all of the bombasts coming from the Chinese side about how America needs to pull up the socks and behave better and similar bombasts in the U.S. side, fundamentally, their interests are the same as ours at the moment.
How do you imagine that conversation went?
I would imagine it would be a little different from the public discourse.
Is it healthy or unhealthy that China holds so much of the American debt right now?
It's a "compared to what" question.
Is it time for America Incorporated to revisit this whole area, do you think?
Well, there are aspects of China's performance which are more and less impressive when you're there.
Dan, what's the latest from London tonight?
Well, the police are all over this area of east London, Piers.
What is your understanding of where are in that investigation?
Well, we still haven't gotten a complete picture of the IPCC.
Is there a social malaise that has created an underclass of kids who feel they got no education, no hope of getting a job, and this is the tinderbox, if you like, being lit to a deeper problem?
Yes, I think that's fair.
How bad is it, do you think, right now?
Well, clearly the news is grim on a lot of fronts, the economy being first and foremost.
Do you see any sign of what it could be, which will rejuvenate America and Americans?
Well, if I were going to dub this era something, I would call it generation downsize.
How do you get Americans back to work?
I think you're going to have to put a jobs plan, and fight Congress on it, in which we deal with what some people would call the Smart Grid or a green grid.
What are Obama's chances right now, do you think?
I would say his chances right now are 50-50 at best, maybe trending that line down.
Doug Brinkley, do you agree, 50/50 at best for the president to be reelected?
I think 50/50.
Do you think America ten years on is in a better or worse place?
I think we're better of in this regard, Piers -- and sometimes I can't imagine it's been ten years, because I think about it almost every day.
But certainly needs a little bit of J.R. action doesn't it, right now?
We need action, no question.
Do you feel slightly compromised when you stand up for something that would help your business like that?
When you say I'm in the business -- of course, I'm a geologist and I've been in the business since I got out of school in 1951.
How should President Obama get this great country back being great again?
Well, I was disappointed in Congress when they struggled to make a decision and finally came up -- they had been told by S&P that four trillion -- it was going to take a four trillion dollars cut in spending.
Where do you sit?
Well, I think they're a competitor.
Finally, who do you have in your eye to be the Republican candidate that may take on President Obama in the election next year?
I don't know.
Yet again I ask you, Ali, what the hell is going on?
You know, Piers, every day, I get up very early.
Everyone has specter of Lehman Brothers hanging over them, you know?
Yes.
Can we see the possibility somewhere in Europe or America of banks going under of the scale of Lehman Brothers?
Well, in fact, one of the triggers today was one of Europe's largest banks, Societe Generale, losing 15 percent.
Is it still a sensible place to put some money right now or is it now too expensive?
When the lemmings start running towards that direction, what you want to do is run in the opposite direction.
Where are we, do you think?
Well, double dips are actually very, very rare.
What advise -- if you were writing speeches right now for President Obama, what advice would you give him now to ramp up the rhetoric in an effective way?
I think that it's worth recognizing first that this economic challenge is more than purely a rhetorical one.
We need the president to reconnect with his voters really, don't we?
We do.
Who cares what happens in France?
Well, so let me tell you exactly what happened in France.
Why?
Because that enables them to have growth.
How is he going to get Americans back to work?
I've said this before.
Is this sensible or is that equally crazy?
Well, it's just emotional which makes it crazy, because it doesn't get you where you want to go.
Should people look to diversify into, you know, certainly more random investments?
Well, the collectibles category has never kept up with real estate or stock market category.
Because if you can't trust your bank, who can you trust?
Well, I agree.
Finally, Dave -- briefly if you don't mind -- is it ostrich time, in the sense that when these big things start exploding in this volatile way, is sometimes the best thing to do to stick your head straight in the sand and keep it there until it all blows over?
In a sense, that's true.
Or is that pride getting dented?
Well, I'm certainly proud to be an American.
Do you find yourself nodding when you hear her speak?
Not her particularly.
Do you think the reputation of America is getting damaged badly in all this?
Yes, sure.
Do you think that's right?
I don't know they're the enemy.
Do you think more American business people should be doing that, should be looking more internally now?
I'm taking the hit.
To actually take a hit in the way you're describing is not really the American way, is it?
I don't know that it's the American way, but it's my way.
What's the number one concern for them?
Paying their bills and keeping their job.
If you're the president, is that where you want to see the focus now, getting Americans back to work?
Yeah, I think so.
Did you have to do that all year?
No, I didn't thankfully.
Isn't he though?
ORGAN: He is.
Of all of those things, what was the worst, would you say?
Well, my first divorce is not on there.
You mean your first divorce was worse than the second wife shooting you in the chest, was it?
DKINS: It's easier to deal with somebody trying to kill you than somebody saying they don't love you anymore.
Did you think you were going to die?
Yeah, I do remember thinking that.
Yeah, I've had some things happen to me that I didn't feel like I really deserve, you know?
Your wife, who I had the pleasure of meeting a few times on "Apprentice" -- delightful lady.
Is she well?
She remembers you hitting on her when she was up at -- and that's cool.
Is that -- is that the nature of the beast?
Yeah, it's part of the gig.
Do you still feel that?
Yeah.
You kind of got it all out of your system?
Yeah.
Does he still act as kind of a quiet motivating factor to you in your career, in your life?
You know, I would like to be able to say yes, but I've moved now 17, 18 years past that.
What would he have made of what's happened to you, do you think?
Oh, he'd be so proud.
Ali, I barely know how to ask you this, but have you got any idea what's going to happen in the markets tomorrow?
I think what you should do before the markets open is pick up some Pepto-Bismol on your way in.
And then suddenly, out of nowhere, you get a call from this guy, front man of the Black Eyed Peas, one of the biggest pop stars in the world, music stars, what are you thinking?
I didn't know what to think until I got on the phone and within one minute I thought I was in trouble, because the first thing he said to me was, Dean, I've heard you speak and I've heard you speak about your first program, which is about convincing kids that science and technology is critical to their future.
Is that the easiest way to describe?
That's a very good shorthand.
Do you believe that?
Oh, wholeheartedly.
So this amazing outfit you wore at the Super Bowl, which was this all-flashing, all-singing, all-dancing electronic super outfit, in fact the guy that designed the code for this was a graduate of the FIRST, originally, right?
From England.
Does he have any involvement with this now, especially now you've got involved?
He makes an appearance on the show.
He does?
Yes.
On Sunday?
On Sunday, August 14th.
Is he playing with a robot or?
No, just applauding and, you know, congratulating the kids and showing support for their discipline and hard work.
It's a question with "Yes, We Can," has he?
That wasn't a question.
To do your part to inspire someone to do their part?
Interestingly, back in Britain at the moment, we've had a lot of riots this week.
When you see what's going on with these riots and stuff, do you have an empathy with these kids or do you believe that actually the way out is to go another way?
I remember the L.A. riot, the race riots in the early '90s.
But I know they're part of your twisted mind, aren't they, Dean?
They are.
You love these things, don't you?
I love what they do for kids.
This is the showoff entertainer but doesn't do very much, right?
No, no, no.
This robot, you know that robot dance that we do?
Yes.
One of the kids built this or a team of kids?
A big kid built that.
This is the real brains one, right?
Right.
Really?
It was humiliating.
It's not fully functional right now, but what can he do when he's going?
Well, the goal of the robot -- every year we give the kids a different challenge.
How does it work?
They're remote-controlled.
What do you think got you out?
Encouragement.
From who?
My family, family friends, my teachers, Mr. Wright (ph), Ms. Montez (ph).
When you see these gang kids, is a big part of the problem the fact they don't have anybody?
No, but they do have somebody.
Can you achieve this kind of thing without the driving force of a mother or a father, somebody who is with you to be able to provide a chance to do it?
ILL.I.AM: Well, it depends on the people around you.
And -- but yes, there's always ways out of it, you know?
Your mother must be pretty proud of you.
How important is it to you to get somebody like him who, in one swoop, can basically get to millions and millions of kids in this country?
You answered the question yourself.
What do you think of America as a business model right now?
It goes over my head because I can't comprehend it.
Dean, what do you think?
AMEN: I agree, as usual, with Will.
Should that be where America leads the field?
Progress has always depended on innovation.
Is that right?
That's a slight exaggeration.
Was he a good baby sitter?
Again, not babysitter.
Really?
Yes, yes, yes.
Tom Cruise would be doing cartwheels?
No, like back flips.
Really?
Oh yes, oh yes.
Do you still see him?
I do, actually.
Has that been, on balance, a good thing or not a good thing for you?
I think -- personally, I think a really fortunate thing, because it exposed me to the business that I found myself in as an adult.
And the reason you're called Dallas is because?
I was (INAUDIBLE) --
And your siblings's middle names are?
My sisters are twins.
Where do you get all of this information?
I've immersed myself in your life.
Do you ever get tempted?
No.
Ever smoked?
No.
Any vices?
Well, yeah, totally.
Your vice is sugar?
I don't know.
What do you feel watching it now?
It was such an incredible thing that happened.
ORGAN: Are you worried about any controversy that this role will bring you?
I haven't really thought about that, I mean, because it was a book first, and because --
How many months pregnant are you now?
I'm almost five months.
How is it all going?
It is -- it's amazing.
ORGAN: Do you have any worries it may happen again?
I mean I do.
Really?
Two actors together, with all of the, you know, insecurity that comes with acting, and the egos and all of the rest of it.
The old man's got a few stashed away, hasn't he?
He's doing well, yes.
Where does he keep them?
In his office.
Have you written the speech in your mind?
No, no.
Who are you going to thank?
Well, here's what would happen --
I mean, what a speech you've got ready to go, huh?
Yeah, there's a lot of people to be grateful to.
Fifteen million albums or big talent show superstar?
Gosh.
Did you worry that if it didn't do that well it could damage the Maroon 5 end of things?
Not necessarily.
Have you been surprised about how your profile has changed since the smash hit of "The Voice"?
Yes.
Did you all feel the competitive juices coming out?
Not so -- well, a little bit.
Do I have to turn my chair around or I have to mentor them?
You can -- well, do either actually, because you know who they are.
What would your reaction be?
She's ridiculous.
Justin Bieber?
Great singer.
Could he win "The Voice"?
He could.
Really?
Yeah.
Could she win a show like "The Voice"?
Given the right circumstances, probably.
What are the secret Adam Levine talents we don't know about?
Secret Adam Levine -- you know, I was all in with music.
Weird little party pieces you do?
I can balance things on my nose pretty well.
Really?
Yeah.
How big a thing can you balance on your nose?
I can balance a lot of stuff on my nose.
Could I go down here?
Yeah.
If I do, do I get like 15 bucks or something?
Well, you can definitely come back.
ORGAN: Have you ever performed this stunt live on television?
No.
But thank God we've got somebody in the music business who recognizes it's a two-way street, isn't it?
It is a two-way street.
Do the paparazzi give you a hard time?
No.
Did you play naked Twister, Adam?
I've never played naked Twister.
You'd like to, wouldn't you?
I just thought it was a funny Tweet.
When we saw Prince William and -- or the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, as they are now, in Hollywood recently, what did you make of all the fuss that came with them?
It's exciting, you know, especially for us.
Why do the Americans like the royals so much?
I like they like the romantic kind of idea behind it.
Who have you been star struck by?
Star struck.
Who have you been most excited -- I mean, you're a massive Beatles fan, right?
Oh, yeah.
Have you met Paul McCartney?
Yeah.
If Paul McCartney's watching, you're available, yes?
Paul McCartney, I'd really like to meet you.
I mean, how miserable can that particular vignette be, Adam?
Not miserable at all.
That's an alleged list?
Percentage-wise.
Where did you meet Anna?
I met her -- I'm not telling that story.
How bad is it?
It's not bad.
How does she deal with the cliche' of millions of women freaking out when they see you?
Millions of men are always trying to sleep with her, so it works itself out.
Who gets more jealous?
It's pretty even.
How have you managed to avoid that kind of pitfall?
Heavy drug regimen.
Who do you have that would do that to you?
Oh, so many people.
Is it from your parents, your family?
I think I've found balance, you know, through family and through friends and through really wonderful people in my life.
Really?
I want to start having kids, yeah.
ORGAN: Do you believe you should be married to do that?
Not necessarily.
Whose marriage has inspired you?
My friend Sean Taya (ph) actually.
Why do you think it works so well?
Just being very close with him and to the whole thing and actually his daughter's my god daughter and I've seen just the right type of marriage in the two of them.
Where would you like to be professionally?
Professionally --
Other than working less?
Producing records.
Or could you go solo for example?
To make a plan would be really foolish.
Isn't there always the point where you all just get sick of each other?
Well, I'd love to beat the odds.
How's the scale of irritation with band members right now?
EVINE: We drive each other crazy.
Who knew that?
Adam Levine, you're disgusting.
What do you mean by this?
Well, what I mean about it is more in being real and being honest and being your authentic self.
How did you -- how did you answer that?
I said yes.
Yes?
Yes.
You and Charlie hang out to that one?
We actually did play a lot of Guns and Roses when we worked out together.
You had a slight appetite yourself for self-destruction over the years, do you think?
No, not self-destruction.
For destruction?
No.
Did you see that interview?
I did.
What did you think of it?
I really -- I thought it was a great interview.
What was he like when you first got together with him?
He was amazing.
Do I talk to Charlie?
Yeah.
Today's a good day?
Today's a good day.
Is that how it works?
I take it day by day.
Do you know immediately if it's a good or bad day?
We've had a good stretch now, which is nice.
Is he in a better place now?
Yeah.
And how have you managed that, do you think?
I think it's not about he and I truly.
True?
I have a lot of male friends.
If Charlie was to sort his life out, could you ever imagine a scenario where you might one day get back together or not?
No.
That door's closed?
That door is closed.
Did you care or not?
At the time I did.
What was it like being a Hollywood starlet?
Well, it was -- it's very overwhelming.
Do you still love acting?
I do.
But I know you're older than you look, which is always the best answer, right?
I turned 40 this year.
Did you really?
I did.
How do you stay so youthful?
Clean living.
Clean living?
Clean living.
Really?
Yeah.
Did you find it cathartic doing the book?
In some ways, yeah.
Do you think?
I don't know.
I mean, does it carry with it a tricky stigma, or have you been able to say no, this is me now?
I think people that meet me see that I'm who I am.
What have you learned to look for that suits you?
Oh, I've learned to look for -- the qualities that I look for now are different than prior to getting married and having kids.
Is motherhood, to you, your greatest achievement?
I think so.
Can you lead a relatively normal life now?
Yeah.
If they said, mom, we really want to go into acting, given all that you've been through, would you encourage them or would you be slightly reticent about that?
I would definitely encourage them to do whatever they wanted.
Would that be fair?
That would be fair.
Is this something that's been on your mind?
Yeah.
And how is she?
She's amazing.
How old is she now?
She's a month.
What do your other kids make of her?
They are so in love with her.
Do you believe you're going to fall in love again?
I've had many loves.
You remain optimistic?
Absolutely, yes.
Are you quite excited about that prospect?
I am.
What next for you in terms of maybe acting?
Yeah.
What is it?
With Quentin Tarantino.
Do you enjoy the interview process or not?
I have to say, the last few years it's like something always happens right before my interviews that's in the headlines.
Do you feel sometimes -- when you see all the magazines and stuff, do you feel like you're a soap opera character, not a real person?
There were times I did, yeah.
What was the worst story that you've had to -- that you've seen that's just completely untrue, but most hurtful to you?
This isn't that hurtful, but it's weird, that I used to be a hooker, I used to be a Heidi Fleiss girl.
It's the only way, isn't it?
Yeah.
What would you wish for Charlie?
I just want him to be a very healthy person.
Do you have an optimism that he might sort himself out a bit?
I do.
Why is that?
I should be asking you.
What is your view?
Well, she does.
Yes?
I don't think people are rushing up to you on the streets of America saying legalize heroin.
That's common sense, are they?
No.
That's not supporting choice, it is?
I think you're mixed up.
What would you hope to gain from this?
I can't hammer nails for the rest of my life.
When you have seen what's happened to America, and you have seen the emergence of the Tea Party as a proper formidable political force, do you feel a slight twinge of regret that you're not at the forefront of this?
You know, I don't think that there's a lot to be gained from the might-have-beens, to the would-have-beens, to the could-have- beens of life.
But do you agree then with Warren Buffett when he said today that the tax system has to be reformed to hammer people like him more, the super rich who are paying a disproportionate amount of tax and their total tax rates compared to the guy on the street?
I would say I absolutely believe in the notion of tax reform.
Who do you think fundamentally has what it takes in the overall package to seriously challenge Barack Obama?
I think that the primary system will winnow that out.
What would you say?
ANFORD: Well, you know, you're trying to get me to pick a horse and I don't want to do that.
Do you think he is persuadable as we get through the next few months and we're heading towards the first proper primary, could you see him rallying to the cause of the party if no one has emerged by then that people don't think could beat Obama?
Well, I think that there's talk of that still happening.
Presumably, you would lean more towards a Tea Party nominee than you would towards one of the more moderate type like a Romney?
Absolutely, yes.
Is she the obvious person now beginning to capture enough of the public's imagination to potentially be that person?
No.
But of those names, of the three, you know, which one if you had to put one in the race tomorrow?
I'm not going to pick a horse.
How does that feel?
It's humbling.
Given that, do you feel great regret, or is that the wrong emotion to put to you?
Well, I think that -- I mean, anybody who has been married doesn't start at the beginning thinking boy, I hope I some day get divorced.
What do you think you have learned about yourself?
I think learned a lot.
How has the public been with you?
They're incredible.
How did that make you feel?
It was fabulous.
What would you do differently?
A whole host of things, none of which are particularly productive in terms of my boys, who might be watching this show.
Would anything have really made much difference?
Yes.
Having got it wrong in your marriage, do you feel like you have learned enough from that whole experience, and the bruising exposure and scandal to get it right now?
I would hope so.
Are you happier in yourself now, do you think?
Oh, yeah.
How would you describe the experience?
Fabulous.
What are you thinking when you're there?
I think that there is a tremendous value to the valleys of life, that the football team that loses on Friday night probably thinks a whole lot more of what they might get right or what they might do differently than the team that won.
Have you, in an odd way, had more time now to develop a better relationship with your sons than you may have done if you continued in the ever more punishing political world?
They say so.
Who of your family have been the real rocks of support outside of your sons?
I've redeveloped a really neat relationship with my sister.
What did she say to you?
I mean, the obvious in terms of I'm disappointed and here is why.
Which is a pretty powerful endorsement to have, isn't it?
Important one.
You must be tempted, aren't you, to have another go at this?
No.
If you had the power, what is the one thing you would do to dramatically reform the tax system, which would make a real difference in reducing America's debt?
I don't think it's a question of the tax system.
It can't just be cutting spending, can it?
Well, yes.
At some stage, you have to bring in more revenues as well, don't you?
Well, I would argue no.
How did you feel about that?
It's true.
Do you have any plans to remarry?
We'll see.
That's not a denial, Mr. Governor?
Nor is it an answer.
Would it be a nice ending to the saga for you?
I think so.
You have, haven't you?
No, you're going into -- again that personal sphere that out of respect for my boys --
Is it going to come to praying again?
Well, praying does help.
What was the most striking part of it from your point of view?
At one point, we started talking about the tenth anniversary of 9/11.
How had he changed physically and in himself and his demeanor to you?
He's got a lot more gray hair.
Has the election proper started now, do you think?
Yes.
What's your overview of what the president is up to and where he stands?
Well, I mean, my overview is that president is seeing the impact of the results that he's had.
Would you agree with that?
I don't know yet.
Are you feeling more inclined to run now or less inclined?
I don't think I've changed my thinking about it very much.
What is wrong with that?
Well, because the only way you're going to increase confidence in the American economy which China is worried about and the rest of the world is to stop us from spending money.
Let me ask you -- if you don't run, Rudy, which of the candidates at the moment is the one that you would feel most comfortable being the nominee for the Republicans?
I haven't really focused in on it.
Is it conceivable, do you think, that a Tea Party candidate like a Michele Bachmann could end up being the nominee?
Sure is.
Funny, Rudy, what's the latest you could leave it personally to make a decision as to whether or not you're going to run?
End of September, I'd say, would be the latest.
How did he seem to you?
I think, you know, like we see with Wolf Blitzer today, the president is pumped up.
If you were his teacher and you were doing a school report after three years, good marks and where could he be better?
I think he has great marks.
So, you agree with Warren Buffett?
I agree with Warren Buffett.
The rich should get pay more?
Yes.
Since John Kennedy said ask not what your country can do for you, what you're going to do for your country?
Yes.
So he's got his work cut out, hasn't he?
Well, I think he's already, you know, made spectacular gains.
And how do you fix it with jobs, do you think?
I think the president, has much better ways than me as a producer.
You are hiring more staff?
Apple, Google -- I am.
Is this about Michelle Obama, isn't it?
She's tall.
But the crucial battle theme, you're a competitive man, is you're very near to beating Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds in the number of people who viewed this, right?
The first week that Sandra and Ryan did the proposal, "Funny or Die," they did 600,000.
It's a negative thing, isn't it?
I don't find it negative at all.
I do really?
Yes.
Do I really anger you?
You do.
How did we get here?
Let me ask you.
How did we get here?
I believe in this superior being, a God.
Because I never hear an atheist give me any answers to how did we get here and what happens at the end of our lives?
But answer to something -- saying we can't understand it is not an answer.
How do you think we got here?
I don't know.
What do you think happens when whether you die?
Well, nothing.
What do you think happens to you?
How scared of you are of 1890.
1890?
1890, yes.
You weren't alive then, right?
No.
Is that a horror to you?
No.
So why is 2090 any worse than that?
I'm not horrified by any thought of dying, because I believe you go on to a celestial place which is wonderful.
Where is your evidence of a celestial place?
I come back to the issue of creation.
We're all a bit crazy, a bit nuts?
No, no, no, not at all.
Yeah, Thor?
No, because that is not the type of God I believe in.
Why?
Because it's not the same thing.
Even though there are different rules?
No, but I have an absolute respect for anybody from any religion that has a spiritual and religious conviction and belief in a god-like entity in their lives.
What if you were dying, hypothetically?
I am dying.
Do you know this?
No.
Why would you live in Las Vegas?
Because there is nothing I like doing more than my show.
Really?
At least I got a prayer.
What's the answer?
I always seem to think that the most important thing is individuals.
They do?
I think so.
On a mass scale?
Yeah.
Really?
I think.
ORGAN: What is the one thing you would do, if you were president, to get Americans back to work?
What I would do is I think make the government much, much smaller.
Moxie Crime Fighter?
Moxie.
Is she old enough to realize what you've done?
Better than that.
Does it feel like a marriage to you?
No.
And how do you get on now?
ILLETTE: Wonderfully.
Do you socialize away from work?
About twice a year we go out socially together.
Do you do all the talking?
No, no, no.
So he's perfectly garrulous when you have dinner?
More so than me.
If I could give you the power of prayer, I awarded it to you, what would you pray for?
I would pray, I think, for more perfect knowledge.
Why surprising?
I don't know.
Well, don't you think as a host, if I say this is what I want to talk about, that's what we should address?
Not really, no.
Christine O'Donnell, how are you?
I'm doing well.
You can be both, can't you?
Oh, yes.
When you look back on it, what was the catalyst, do you think, or -- not your down fall but your hiccup?
Well, I think -- I like the way you say it's a hiccup.
How can you be a witch?
Because I dabbled into witchcraft.
Your first date was in the satanic altar?
Yes.
I would have thought there was a pretty good chance that you could make a pretty big move back into the political stage, isn't it?
Well, I hope to stay in the political arena -- maybe not necessarily as a candidate or in an elected office.
The problem, Christine, if I may just jump in there?
Yes.
Do you still think masturbation is wrong?
Let's not even go there.
So, am I right in assuming your views have evolved over the years?
Well, I am a practicing Catholic and I support what the Catholic Church teaches.
Can I ask you, have you -- have you committed lust in your heart and therefore adultery?
Let's not even go there.
-- what is your view of gay marriage, for example?
I address that stuff in the book.
Really?
-- I obviously want to talk about the issues that I choose to talk about in the book.
Do you answer that question in the book?
I talk about my religious beliefs, yes.
So, I'm bemused as to why you wouldn't just say it in an interview if it's in the book?
Because I don't think it's relevant.
You should restore that?
I'm not talking policies.
Why are you being so weird about this?
I'm not being weird about this, Piers.
Well, don't you think as a host, if I say this is what I want to talk about, that's what we should address?
Not really, no.
You're leaving?
Well, I was supposed to be speaking at the Republican women's club at 6:00, and I chose to be a little late for that not to be -- you know, yes, not to endure rude talk show hosts, but to talk to you about my book and to talk about the issues that I address in my book.
Have you read the book?
Yes, but these issues are in your book.
Are we done?
He's still there.
What do you hope to achieve here?
Well, I wouldn't characterize it as aggressive when you consider the sense of urgency that I think we all need to have about the crisis of confidence that exists in our country as a result of a crisis of leadership.
So there's a real disparity here between I think big, successful companies like yours, like McDonald's, like Apple and so on, and what is happening to the average guy on the street, isn't there?
Well, I think unfortunately the gap between the rich and poor, and the haves and have nots has widened.
Tell me about that period and about what you did to get Starbucks back on fire again?
Well, the irony is when I came back in 2008, it was terrible timing because it was during the cataclysmic financial crisis.
What parallels do you see with America incorporated?
First off, I want to be extremely respectful of Congress and the president.
Is that right?
You're doing your homework.
But I didn't know -- how did you find that out about the China Club?
I have spies everywhere.
What the hell is going on, Ali?
Look, we started off the day this morning with a rough night in Asia.
Is this looking more likely now, do you think?
It is.
Is this then a crisis caused by politics rather than straightforward economics?
It absolutely is.
When do you sleep?
After this.
What should people be doing right now?
Well, you shouldn't be afraid if you are sticking around for the long-term.
If the Feds run out of bullets, what does the president have in his locker that he can do that is dramatic enough to stop this market mayhem?
Well, I think the most obvious thing he can do is something about jobs.
But, Leigh, wouldn't that mean that the president actually would have to -- it would have to be another stimulus, right?
There would have to be spending.
Neel, first to you?
I think that we need to focus on spending.
Ali, what do you think?
Unfortunately, Neel's right.
And is it something that is conducted at the center?
Well, I'm running for the presidency of the United States.
Why are you being so weird about this?
I'm not being weird about this, Piers.
Well, don't you think as a host, if I say this is what I want to talk about, that's what we should address?
Not really, no.
You're leaving?
Well, I was supposed to be speaking at the Republican women's club at 6:00, and I chose to be a little late for that, not to be -- you know, yes, not to endure rude talk show hosts, but to talk to you about my book and to talk about the issues that I address in my book.
Have you read the book?
Yes, but these issues are in your book.
Are we done?
He's still there.
Or was I behaving in a perfectly irresponsible journalistic manner?
I thought your questions are perfectly fine.
Todd, what did you make of it?
Well, I thought -- I thought it was fascinating that she managed to push back on you when you were asking these questions without making any effort to really try to dodge them.
And is it something that is conducted at that center?
Well, I'm running for the presidency of the United States.
Todd, what do you think?
Yes, I think that's absolutely true.
Is there any doubt in your mind that you will be able to function in such circumstances?
Not at all.
A rock 'n' roll wild man, huh?
We've had a bit of battles this week, as you may be aware.
Have you ever walked out of an interview?
No.
Could you imagine doing that?
No, I would argue -- I mean, I would argue with you.
What do you make of what is happening to your country's economy?
I think I answered that question with the title of the album.
Is it the politicians?
It's all of the above.
What do you think?
I think -- I think.
Really?
And I was working.
Are you OK?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Time to slow down a little bit?
Yeah, probably have to slow down a little bit.
Do you know?
Around 43 million.
Dare I ask how much money it has made you?
It hasn't made hardly any money for me.
Why?
They declared me in breach of contract in 1982.
So you sell 43 million copies of this album and barely made any money out of it?
I think I got a check last week for 1.29.
In total, have you made less than say a million dollars out of that?
No, I've made more because we -- we did take them to court at one point.
Did you really?
When that -- and "The Paradise," I was around 300, 310.
What are you now?
Well, I've gained seven pounds, so I'm sorry you asked me that.
What's your fighting weight?
A hundred and twenty, no.
Do you know who you're going to vote for next election?
EAT LOAF: I have no idea.
How did you end up at Meat Loaf?
OK.
You were still called Marvin at the time?
No, I was called Meat.
Are you now legally called Meat Loaf?
I had Meat Loaf on my passport when we first were touring "Bat Out of Hell."
What is on your passport?
Michael Lee Aday.
So that's your -- you go by that name legally?
Yes, since 1984.
Do you like to be called Mr. Loaf?
Meat.
Meat?
Yeah.
You were struck on the head with a shot during a shot put event?
It was at practice, but it was 62 feet with a 12- pound shot.
Seriously?
Yeah.
A compliment?
Yes, Wolf Parkinson White.
Are you very unlucky or are you very lucky, because you're still alive?
I'm very lucky.
If you could vote for anyone right now, who would it be?
Christine O'Donnell.
Who's that?
Chris Christie, governor of New Jersey.
Why are you being so weird about this?
I'm not being weird.
Where are you going?
And if you're going, go.
Are we off?
Larry, you're being inappropriate.
What?
I'm not going to talk about --
What's your question?
It's the weirdest interview you'll ever see.
What sent Fergie complete economy off the rails?
Kiss front man Gene Simmons was being interviewed with his significant other of 28 years when Joy Behar brought up his claim that he slept with 5,000 women.
Well, don't you think as a host, if I say this is what I want to talk about, that's what we should address?
Not really, no.
Are we done?
I'm not.
Well, don't you think as a host, if I say this is what I want to talk about, that's what we should address?
Not really, no.
Where are you going?
For one thing, after Christine O'Donnell walked off the set, she didn't have to talk much more about the campaign or the book.
Am I guilty?
Piers, in this instance you are definitely not guilty.
Did you think that?
That was the impression I got as well.
Did you think I was crossing a line?
Speaking for all men, I absolve you from sexism on this as well.
What do you think, James?
I -- I think that's probably -- I think it's probably true, that if you're going out to promote a book you should be willing to talk about the book.
What's your damning verdict?
Well, Piers, I do represent probably more sexual harassment victims than any other attorney in the country, and I will say this.
Christine O'Donnell, how are you?
I'm doing well.
You can be both, can't you?
Oh, yes.
When you look back on it, what was the catalyst, do you think, or -- not your downfall but your hiccup?
Well, I think -- I like the way you say it's a hiccup.
How can you be a witch?
Because I dabbled into witchcraft.
Your first date was in the satanic altar?
Yes.
I would have thought there was a pretty good chance that you can make a pretty big move back into the political stage, isn't it?
Well, I hope to stay in the political arena -- maybe not necessarily as a candidate or in an elected office.
The problem, Christine, if I may just jump in there?
Yes.
Do you still think masturbation is wrong?
Let's not even go there.
So, am I right in assuming your views have evolved over the years?
Well, I am a practicing Catholic and I support what the Catholic Church teaches.
Can I ask you, have you -- have you committed lust in your heart and therefore adultery?
Let's not even go there.
-- what is your view of gay marriage, for example?
I address that stuff in the book.
Really?
-- I obviously want to talk about the issues that I choose to talk about in the book.
Do you answer that question in the book?
I talk about my religious beliefs, yes.
So, I'm bemused as to why you wouldn't just say it in an interview if it's in the book?
Because I don't think it's relevant.
You should restore that?
I'm not talking policies.
Why are you being so weird about this?
I'm not being weird about this, Piers.
Well, don't you think as a host, if I say this is what I want to talk about, that's what we should address?
Not really, no.
You're leaving?
Well, I was supposed to be speaking at the Republican women's club at 6:00, and I chose to be a little late for that not to be -- you know, yes, not to endure rude talk show hosts, but to talk to you about my book and to talk about the issues that I address in my book.
Have you read the book?
Yes, but these issues are in your book.
Are we done?
He's still there.
But when you watched it, what did you think?
I mean, I thought it was odd that she walked off.
What do you make of those two comments?
That doesn't sound entirely consistent.
Do you have sympathy for him in the position he found himself in, where you have such an intransigent part of the Republican party really just refusing to compromise?
He appointed me and I stood up and took the appointment to serve my country.
Sara, if you can hear me, I know there's been problems with communication here, what is the latest there right now?
We were hearing loud booms, loud blasts, a lot of rapid gunfire.
Is that right?
Well, what we are hearing from the rebels is that, yes, they had hold of all three of the sons and now, they're saying hold on, Mohammed -- one of his sons -- Mohammed Gadhafi has escaped.
Do you actually believe that either of these sons were ever in proper custody or were we just spun a yarn here?
Yes, it's difficult to say in this place, isn't it, because one correspondent who's been here much longer than me said that, you know, the thing is about Libya, the trouble with reporting it is that lying is the national sport.
Do you think he's still there?
Well, I think the capital of Tripoli is mostly under the control of the revolutionary forces.
What do you make of what's going on?
Well, obviously, there is a lot of confusion, a lot of misinformation going on here.
Do you feel that Moammar Gadhafi's position is basically over and we're just watching the beginning of the end?
SLAN: It's hard to imagine a scenario whereby the Gadhafi loyalists manage to actually regain control over Tripoli, let alone over the entire country.
What is going to happen in Libya to reassure the world that we're actually into a better situation for Libyan people?
And the situation, of course, is much worse in Libya than it was in Egypt where you had at least the centralized military that could really form the backbone of a post-revolutionary society.
Can you see a situation where if it gets completely out of control, though, the Americans will have to go in more harder and more people on the ground?
Under no circumstances is that going to happen.
Do you have any credence to those kinds of reports?
Yes, we've talked about this before, you and I.
When is Gadhafi going to be gone, do you think, looking at the situation as it is now?
I mean with the rebels in control of from what I understand some 80 percent of the capital city of Tripoli, it's only a matter of time.
Were you disheartened to hear that two of Gadhafi's sons, having been in some form of custody, are now liberated again and are no longer in custody?
Well, this is a very fluid situation.
If you had a choice in the way that the American SEALs had a choice with Osama bin Laden of killing Moammar Gadhafi or bringing him back to justice, which would you prefer?
Moammar Gadhafi should be brought to justice and I think that it's important that the U.S. government does not try to broker a deal to find him asylum or grant him immunity, but he should be adjudicated either in the Libyan -- in the Libyan judicial system that needs to be revamped or with the international criminal court.
Are you questioning by judgment or what?
I'm already questioning your judgment.
What is the Jon Huntsman for America?
Preeminence with the United States.
Can it be the same as it used to be?
Of course.
Or should the American dream be slightly reinvented for the modern world?
The American dream is the same.
Why try to build something like they did the last generation?
And you were in China for a couple of years and you well know that when you compared bureaucracy in China to bureaucracy in America, one of the reasons that they are marching on, good or bad, whatever your view of it, is they are not consumed with red tape over every tiny thing they do.
But does America have a fundamental problem businesswise with the sheer volume of paperwork, red tape, legalese, stuff that I believe slows down modern business?
In an autocratic system like China, there's plenty of red tape.
Other than people saying you're boring?
I'll disabuse them of that real fast.
What values did he instill in you?
Hard work.
What was the name of your band?
Well, we had a lot of bands.
Did you see a potential conflict arising had you pursued your dream?
Donnie and Marie did OK.
Now is that true?
If you can tell me anything about Captain Beefheart, I'll give you an answer.
Do you want to get your hands dirty in the grubbiness of running for high office and all that comes with it?
We've come this far.
Are you comfortable that they're ready?
They have been raised in a public milieu, a public environment.
Why is that and how do you change that?
Well, it's early days.
When is the point when we should look at how you're performing and properly judge you?
Not August.
You really want to get me in trouble, do you?
I do, yes.
What's the one that you would say to a friend over dinner?
I don't -- well, I tell you what I've told most people, if not everybody.
Do you have sympathy for him in the position he found himself in, where you have such an intransigent part of the republican party really just refusing to compromise?
He appointed me and I stood up and took the appointment to serve my country.
Where would you disagree with her?
Well, on the debt ceiling.
On gay marriage?
Yeah.
What is your view of abortion?
I am pro-life.
Do you think there are any circumstances where you would think an abortion is acceptable?
Rape, incest and life of the mother would be the exceptions that I could live with.
When you see, again, intransigence by some of the -- particularly the Tea Party end of the Republican party on this kind of thing, do you think again that it's bordering on bigotry?
All I have to say -- I don't have a lot of patience on a lot of the non-economic issues.
Would you endorse what he said?
No.
Do you like him?
I don't know him that well.
But what you're basically doing is knifing him straight in the back, aren't you?
I'm just pointing out the facts.
But what I'm saying is you clearly have it in you?
I'm glad to get your endorsement, Piers.
Could you ever imagine running as a running mate to someone like Mitt Romney?
There would be too many jokes about that.
What about to a Tea Party candidate?
You know, anyone who is going to --
Could you countenance such an idea?
Captain Beefheart music, I assume you're talking.
Shouldn't they be rewarded with a seat at the right hand?
Everybody knows -- I think they're rewarded by people who they elect and put into Congress.
You wouldn't rule out Michele Bachmann?
I'm not playing the name game at all.
What is the situation?
The situation now is pretty calm.
Sara, where are you and what's going on?
We are in Green Square, that the rebels are now calling Martyr Square.
Do they believe he may have escaped the country?
It depends on who you ask, Wolf.
What are your thoughts?
My thoughts, I'm so grateful for this day -- the end of tyranny, the end of brutal dictatorship, the beginning of a new universe, a new horizon for Libya.
Do you intend to go back yourself?
Absolutely.
And what would you like to see happen to Gadhafi?
I would like him really to get caught and be put on trial, because a lot of Libyans who suffered under Gadhafi -- who he has killed, maimed, brutalized.
Has this been the best day of your life?
It's the beginning.
What has been your view from the White House?
Well, Piers, it's really nice to be with you.
Or how they may be getting him away?
We're hearing all sorts of rumors but we try not to focus on rumors on here but rather on facts.
How confident is the White House in the rebels and in the future plan for Libya without Gadhafi?
We've been very gratified to hear the very sound statements from the TNC's leadership, that is to say the opposition group's leadership, including as early as today from one of their ministers, Jibril is his name, gave a very good set of comments about the kind of inclusive government they see going forward.
How confident are you guys that in the short to midterm, the stability of the region will be stabilized and not, in fact, further endangered by instability of him actually going after so long?
Well, I think what we've seen, obviously, is that his ruthless ways did not bring stability, but a great deal of instability.
Or would his death be a preferred option?
Well, the important thing here, Piers, is that we're not in a position to decide that.
What is the end game for Gadhafi personally?
Well, I think he -- we talked about this yesterday.
What is your view and assessment of what exactly may be happening now?
Well, what the family wanted was some type of exit strategy and they didn't have that.
Is this all just bluff, do you think?
I think a lot of it is.
Because of that, can we have more confidence that the NTC will do a good job here?
Well, the leadership of the NTC, of course, are primarily former Gadhafi loyalists.
Were you always confident that this day would come?
Yes.
Do you -- does your client, for example, concede that he behaved inappropriately, if not in any criminal way, but just inappropriately?
I think what we said from the beginning, there was an act in that room that was consensual, not forcible and I think we're going to leave it at that.
What is your view of how the legal system people like Dominique Strauss-Kahn before they are being convicted of anything?
Well, it's difficult to celebrate entirely on a day like today, when it wasn't three months ago when he was in Rikers Island in an orange jumpsuit.
But how -- how has this manifested itself on their relationship, your client and his wife?
I said outside court today -- and I'll repeat it again -- that unless you yourself have been accused falsely of a serious crime that you did not commit, I think it's impossible to really understand the full measure of relief that Dominique Strauss-Khan and Anne Sinclair felt today.
In particular, there were headlines in some of the daily tabloids, "Le Perv," playing off his French background, and off the supposition that he was obviously guilty?
I think the media is partially at fault in this rush to judgment that Mr. Taylor spoke about earlier.
Mr. Taylor, how would you describe Dominique Strauss-Khan's mood today, after all of this?
He is certainly happy.
Are you worried about any of these kind of cases now progressing against him?
I think, with respect to questions involving allegations in France, I am going to turn to my partner, Bill Taylor, who has dealt with those issues primarily.
Does he have a sense of regret personally about his actions?
I think what we don't do in the United States of America is prosecute people criminally for behavior that someone else might find to be either inappropriate or offensive.
Is he keen to get back in the fray?
I don't think he's had an opportunity to think that through.
What has been the financial cost?
Well, the financial cost has been enormous.
What was your reaction to that specific claim?
It's absolutely false.
What would your client's view of his accuser be today?
I think collectively we view her as either evil or pathetic or both.
Because surely it can't not be factored in that this has collapsed today?
That's right.
When did you first meet Jon?
Careful.
Did you think you were marrying the next Freddy Mercury?
Oh, yeah.
You ride Harleys?
Forty year ride, 40 year motorcycles.
Is that right?
Something like that.
Why should he be president?
Because I think he's the greatest leader out there.
What is your great master plan?
The principles are the same, whether in Utah or whether on a national basis.
Why would you vote against that?
I'm not the compromise guy.
What was the thinking there?
The thinking there was we had a little more love to give.
Where do you see the line drawn in terms of your adherence to the Mormon faith?
I have a deep belief in God.
What would you say to that?
I'd say, you know, there are 13 million Mormons around the world today.
Is that what you're getting at?
You start out by calling me boring.
What's your view?
Well, the only real surprise is that it happened tonight, really.
What impact will Steve Jobs standing down as the chief executive officer have on the company, do you think, if any?
Well, Steve Jobs is one of the great innovators in the history of modern capitalism.
What's the difference for a company like Apple between the CEO and the chairman, if you're someone as hands-on as Steve Jobs?
Well, that is the whole key of Steve Jobs.
You know, what kind of importance will they put to this?
Less than you'd think, Piers.
What's he always said to you about the condition he's been in?
Well, first of all, Steve Jobs and I do not have what one would call a friendly relationship.
I mean, for someone like Steve Jobs who is so personally linked to this company, who helped build it from nothing, to give up the reins as he's doing, would you imagine that his health has deteriorated pretty significantly?
I hate to speculate like that.
Aren't we all?
He's a genius and he's done an incredible job for his company, also for the American economy.
Will he have to learn that kind of ability, do you think, to go to these conferences once a year and excite the world the way Steve Jobs does?
Well, I don't think you can learn how to be Steve Jobs.
Would you say that Steve Jobs could lay claim to being the greatest businessman America's ever produced?
I think that's possible.
What is the latest?
Yes, Piers, the wind has really been picking up over the last couple of hours.
What intelligence do we have right now on the direction of Irene?
Waiting for that right-hand turn that we always forecast.
So, how unusual is it that the East Coast would be threatened with a hurricane of this magnitude?
We get one about every three years.
What should they really be doing?
Well, you know, as Chad mentioned, when there's a hurricane drought, I think people become complacent and ignore what people say.
What is your reaction to what you're seeing?
Hello, Piers.
Now that he's gone, can you see a situation where you would return, perhaps be part of the government going forward?
L-SENUSSI: Look, Piers, we have not been outside the country, we've been working from day one in opposition against Colonel Gadhafi.
What was your personal human reaction to those scenes?
Well, my reaction is, the tyrant, he's gone.
What goes through your mind?
I think -- and maybe we have a false sense of security -- but mostly what's going through your mind is trying to pay attention to what's going on around you, so you can actually report the story in a calm enough manner, so that the person on the other end doesn't feel like it's so out of control, and that you're out of control.
Obviously it appears the rebels are pretty much completely in control now, is that right?
They're pretty much in control.
Do you, as a dispassionate journalist, share the optimism about what will happen next?
Look, you cannot help but be stirred when you're in a situation where there is so much excitement.
And where are you fearing it may be heading?
UGATE: Right now, still in the Bahamas, some strengthening is the Hurricane Center forecast.
And the storm is getting stronger, is that right?
Yeah, it was a category one last night.
So if you're in the area that may be affected here, what is the best advice right now for people who may get hit by this hurricane?
Find out, if you live along the coast, are you in an evacuation zone.
I mean, what is your expert view of what's going on with the weather?
I don't know.
Senator Gregg, let me ask you, first of all, for your reaction to what's happening in Libya?
Obviously it's positive to have Libya finally have the potential of a free government.
Are you concerned about that?
I think we have to be in any Arab country.
But certainly in terms of positioning Libya going forward to a way that suits America's interests, should America now be getting more involved than it has been?
Absolutely, there's no question about that.
What's your take on it all?
Well, we're facing up to a period of chaos that is brought on by ourselves.
Wouldn't it be in America's interest to have somebody like you rather than turning down the job of the Commerce secretary, to have accepted it, and to have this fight with the president on the inside of the tent?
That's very kind of you to say.
What is your assessment of where the party is now, and moving closer to choosing a nominee?
REGG: I think Governor Perry is a very strong and viable candidate.
Will you be doing that again?
I haven't decided.
What is the probability now given all the computer projections that you've been looking at, what is the probability today that come Sunday, New York City could get hit by this hurricane in a direct hit?
That is the forecast.
Even if it's just a little offshore?
Yes, especially if it's a little bit left of the city.
Are you prepared, do you think, as a state for what may be coming?
Piers, it's been quite a week in the dismal swamp and earthquake and now with this change over the last 24 hours and the storm track looks like it would come right across Virginia Beach and Hampton Roads area where there are 1 million people that will be experiencing hurricane force winds.
Are you concerned about what may happen if it hits directly on New York City?
Well, absolutely.
What are you feeling about it?
Don't like this one at all.
Do you think New York City is ready for this?
Well, New York obviously doesn't get hit by hurricanes very frequently.
Is that what happens?
Absolutely, Piers.
Isn't that leaving it a bit late?
Well, evacuation is a very tricky thing, because we've seen instances before -- it's a very expensive proposition.
Nic, what's latest over there now?
Well, it seems that the rebels were working on rumors rather than fact, places they thought they had Gadhafi surrounded, turned out not to be that.
So what is your gut feeling about how he may be trying to get out of there, without being spotted, caught or whatever?
This is a smart guy who's incredibly paranoid.
Do you have any kind of estimate for that?
You know what's really weird here is, I went over to the Rixos Hotel here, the hotel Matthew and Jomana were held up in by Gadhafi's gunmen, the hotel that we stayed in six weeks earlier on in the year, the government minders who were working with us then, I met one of those at the gate today, this afternoon.
Presumably, you'll be dealing with it in your normal fearless way, will you, Jack?
I'm not sure.
Why do you say that about him?
Yes.
What kind of effect can that have on a company that's so s successful?
Well, of course -- I mean, you never know.
What was he like in those days?
You know what, he was always interested in every technical electronic gadget there was in the world.
Who would be more successful if you hadn't met each other?
Steve Jobs definitely.
You're still an Apple employee, aren't you?
I'm still an Apple employee.
How much do you get?
I think the check -- I don't even see it, but I think it's a couple hundred bucks every two weeks.
Do you have any interest in the company?
It should be one dollar1.
Do you have a stake in the company at all these days?
My wife and I really aren't big stock traders.
What gadgets do you work?
Oh, my gosh.
Are you an Apple consumer?
Number one, I use my computer with the full typing keyboard.
It is an Apple computer?
Apple, absolutely.
Do you have an iPod?
I have had non-Apple products many, many times.
What is it about Steve Jobs that made him the genius he became?
His way of thinking -- I call it a higher level.
Is that right?
He's very gracious.
Why do they mean so much to you?
You know, it's products -- oh, just like Steve Jobs, I grew up thinking the technology products are the hottest area of the world.
What do you think it's going to be going to?
Normally I would said, well, 20 years is too far to predict and some very futuristic ideas like computers are going to be conscious and they're going to speak just like you and me.
They won't be able to host shows like this, will they?
But I don't know if that is going to happen in 20 years.
What is that?
It looks like it to somebody who sees it.
Can you actually tell the time on it?
Yes.
Have you spoken to Steve since he got sick?
He's been sick at different stages.
So you and Kathy are just good friends, yeah?
Very good friends.
Does he have it?
It isn't like you are ruthless or you're not ruthless.
But in terms of what you know of him, what do you think he'd like the legacy to be, the Steve Jobs legacy to be?
Giving mankind the most useful, helpful tools we've ever had in our history.
Was the computer, which you were very instrumental in producing -- is that going to be the greatest invention of the last millennium?
It's hard to say, because a computer used to be a device on its own.
And they should be out playing konkers and soccer and stuff like that, shouldn't they?
I don't think we can stop the effect of the future, the future that we've created giving them devices.
Would you agree with that?
Oh, absolutely.
Can you hear me OK?
I can, Brian.
Is that right?
That is absolutely correct.
What's the probability right now, Chad, if these charts are accurate of this doing a direct hit on New York City?
It's not a doomsday scenario.
Are they leaving?
We are stubborn and resilient but we know when we have to go.
How would you describe the mood of people on the streets in New York right now?
I think it's let's get down to business.
What is the sense you're getting about the reality of this hurricane and in particular a direct hit on New York City?
Well, obviously, it's a very serious storm.
Is that a likely prospect, do you think from everything you're now looking at?
Well, in a worse case scenario, 12 feet is possible.
What is your view from a military point of view?
Well, as a partner with New York City, Office of Emergency Management, of course, in the state of New York, the FEMA regions.
Yes?
I'm going to have to leave there.
Have you been personally briefing him on Irene?
Yes, we have.
Are you beginning to feel now that it's almost inevitable that New York City, for example, will take a direct hit?
There's going to impacts and, again, the hurricane center has said that this forecast track is pretty much not going to change.
I mean, not that anybody would possibly blame you for doing that, but some people are suggesting as a slight overreaction this time to make sure that that kind of thing couldn't possibly happen again?
Well, I don't know about that.
Is it structural damage or is it from potential flooding?
I think, really, the concern in New York City is going to be how much storm surge we get.
For people not in those sections, is it sensible now to be thinking about getting out of there if you can?
Well, I think that's a decision that's case by case.
Do you feel like you're on top of it?
Well, again, I look at this and what the team here has worked for to get ready.
How does this work?
Well, when we talk about disasters and we'll just talk about what government is doing when you do have disasters that are declared by the president, it is paid for by the U.S. taxpayers.
Are you getting encouraging signs that evacuation and so on are being taken up by New Yorkers?
UGATE: Yes, I do.
Professor Coch, you think that maybe New Yorkers having been through so much may not be that keen to evacuate?
Well, I don't think that they take things seriously.
What is your gut feeling from everything you've been hearing?
My gut feeling it won't be as bad because I think the storm will start as it starts to shear as it moves over the colder water, because it's not moving fast enough.
Finally, if you would give me a one word answer -- if you're in New York now, should you leave?
If you're living under an altitude of 30 feet, yes.
Brian, can you hear me and what is going on now?
I can hear you, Piers.
What does it feel like right now, for you, standing in the middle of this thing?
Well, you know it's exhilarating and frightening at the same time.
What would you imagine would happen there?
I think they are going have a lot of problems.
What's your take on it, with everything you knowing right now?
Piers, with everything I know right now -- again, this is a storm that because we haven't had anything like this in New York City, New York City needs to take seriously, and indeed it does.
If you were in New York right now, would you leave the city?
No.
What is your reading of what we're witnessing here with Hurricane Irene?
Well, I think what makes this storm really scary is just the population density on the East Coast.
If you were in the city now, would you leave?
I would probably get out a topographic map and draw a line where there is probably 25 to 30 feet and stay higher than that.
What can you tell me what's is going on right now in your state?
Right now, Piers, what's happening is that the window for preparation time is really coming to a close, as we anticipate the arrival of Irene.
Are people right to be as concerned as they are sounding?
'MALLEY: People are absolutely right to be concerned about this.
Are you fearing a similar kind of catastrophe that we saw in Katrina, if this hits New York?
Well, it could happen, Piers.
Do you think lessons have been learned enough to prevent anything like Katrina happening again?
I think government certainly has changed.
But if there is a direct hit on somewhere like New York City, this is going very serious, isn't it?
Absolutely.
What is the simple answer?
The simple answer, Piers, is yes.
If the hurricane hits somewhere like New York, and there is substantial damage and lots of flooding and so on, if you're safe, is it better to stay off the cell phone network, so that you can allow people who need help to get it?
Well, I would say this, Piers.
What happens if the storm is so strong that it starts smashing down your infrastructure in terms of towers and so on?
Well, generally, again, the best thing we can do for -- in preparation for a hurricane is to build a foundational network, which we do at Verizon, that's built on reliability and redundancy.
Piers?
Well, it's a very worrying situation, Chad.
Vermont reeling from the worst flooding since the '20s, but was Irene overblown?
Clearly, this could have been worse, but it was pretty bad out there.
Did government and the media go too far?
Better to be safe than sorry.
Did people know what may be coming?
Well, first of all, there is a lot of resentment here in Vermont when people say this was hyped.
What was the general feeling about the scenes that we are witnessing and the possible casualty toll?
UCHMAN: We don't think it will go much higher, but we do think it will go higher.
When you see what's happening in Vermont, what do you feel about it?
Obviously our heart goes out to the victims who are in the affected areas both on the west side of the state in those tributaries like the Winooski that feed into Lake Champlain and on the east of the state in the Connecticut River Basin.
What do you say to those who say that the media, including CNN and others, hyped up this hurricane and that it wasn't as bad as everyone said it was going to be?
Well, I think it's a partial truth that is fundamentally inaccurate though at its base.
But in terms of how the power and the strength and therefore the threat of Hurricane Irene changing in that very crucial last 24 hours, could that have been predicted at all or can the authorities only really ever go on what's right in front of them at any given moment?
The problem with Irene is that for wind it was an underachiever.
What is your view from an official point of view?
Well, from an official point of view, we really had to make decisions based on what we were hearing from the National Weather Service and other hurricane and governmental experts.
How would you respond to that?
You know, the snow response was absolutely an unacceptable response.
Is that right?
Yes, I was down in Nags Head feeling the winds a couple of days ago and I was still finding sand in my hair and my ears this morning.
How many have to be killed before you assess this as serious enough to take the measures they took?
No, Piers, that's not what I'm saying.
What do you have to say?
I have looked at all the other storms that were the same pressure.
Faced with the exactly same set of circumstances, would you do exactly the same thing again?
Absolutely.
Is it a different thing when you're dealing with a hurricane with mass flooding and so on?
Well, remember, social media is a great tool.
What did you make of that?
Look, I'm a person of faith.
You're going to raise hell, have you?
Absolutely.
Is that right?
That's true.
Is that right?
Yeah, 40.
What would you prefer?
You know, I like my jet.
That's the American way, right?
It's the American way.
Is it ethically right that he should be able to do this, given what he was found guilty of?
America loves second chances.
If you could have signed him, would you have done?
I have no idea.
Would you have had any moral problem with it?
You know, I try to get to know our guys.
Any knuckleheads on your current team?
I'm not allowed to talk about my current team.
is she really?
What do you think of that, as a former contender yourself.
What's the business ethos of Mark Cuban?
I learned that -- you know, I started with nothing.
Can they e- mail you if they watch this?
Mark@hd.net.
How quickly do you respond?
I read them first.
When do you immediately delete?
The minute they start with a sob story.
What's been your biggest failure?
Oh, my goodness.
If you are not willing to put in the effort, if you're not willing to commit everything, why would I invest in you?
Going to take a little break.
Are you prepared to do that?
Done.
Is he like Ari Gold?
No quite, but he's intense.
Is that right?
UBAN: No, it's not right.
Do you think he's given America that or has he failed America?
He's failed, but not through faults of his own.
Who of the Republican candidates do you think could make potentially a president?
They all could make a president.
Who would make a good one?
None of them yet, because -- all for the same reason.
Are you kidding me?
You have done everything else.
Looking back at it, how did it feel to you?
It was amazing.
The moment you knew you had won, what was going through your head?
There's actually -- I watched the video, and I just screamed.
Did you think of anybody?
I thought of my dad.
If enough Americans decided they quite like Mark Cuban to work his magic on America that he's worked for the Mavericks, what would you say?
I'm not going to buy another sports team.
Are you?
I am absolutely serious.
Can we expert the little patter of little Beyonce and Jay-Zs?
Only God knows.
What does it make you feel like when on a Harley?
It's total freedom.
Arianna, knowing you, I would imagine you're a bit fed one only being 31 on this list, aren't you?
I think it's a great list.
But quietly you're thinking, hang original I should be at least in the 20s here, aren't you?
No, no.
Would it matter what you're now?
Yes.
If you're second to Warren Buffett, you're really annoyed, aren't you?
No.
What has gone wrong with America Incorporated?
Well, what's happened is that for many, many years now, we've seen the life of the middle class being much more precarious.
What is it?
And what is actually ironic is that the big ideas are now small ideas at the community level.
What do you think about that?
At least.
Do you think she has in her to do that?
To create the jobs.
Do you know Steve jobs personally?
No, I don't.
As you, someone who has laid this incredible business yourself, the "Huffington Post" -- could you ever imagine that moment of giving up the reins to it?
Well, I can imagine the moment is much harder to contemplate that moment because of premature reasons.
Oh, when did you say that?
I just did.
You don't take any nonsense, do you?
Not from dogs.
What was your first impression?
You know, I came to American when I was 16 as part of a program called The Experiment in International Living.
What was he thinking?
Bernard Levin.
Do you wish that he had wanted to get married and had children and stuff?
Well, I was -- not anymore, because my whole life would have been entirely different.
So, what's going on there?
Well, we are actually doing amazing things on the content side.
What?
Over 1,300.
Do you feel uneasy actually paying people?
I'm loving it.
Do you ever look in the mirror, Arianna, and think I haven't done badly for a young lady from Greece?
I haven't look in the mirror and think, I'm always in the end going to be a Greek peasant girl at heart.
Were you, even though you knew it would be provocative, taken aback by the scale of protests that came your way?
Absolutely, and by the national attention.
Knowing what you know now, would you have played things differently?
Yes.
Was there ever a moment in all that when you looked in the mirror and thought, Scott, I could be the shortest term governor in the history of Wisconsin here?
You know, throughout the mix of it, I didn't ever think about that.
What is your message to them to allay that concern?
Well, my message would be more for the workers of our state.
When you turn up and you see this kind of thing, what goes through your mind?
In this case, it was one of the extremes.
Have you had death threats?
Oh, absolutely, stacks of them.
Any of them taken seriously?
We took them all seriously.
Have you had them actually turn up at any of the houses?
Sure.
Anyone making proper threats?
No, in those cases most of the threats were without names or numbers of that attached.
Has it just become too visceral, too personal?
Yes.
Too unsavory?
I think it has.
Where do you think the clever money should be going now?
As you can imagine, I have a bias toward governors.
Would you accept that?
Yes, except even part -- out of curiosity, I looked over the last ten years, the oil industry, as an example, is a smaller percentage of the economy than it was a decade ago.
Tax cuts even?
Absolutely.
So the debate becomes, how do you get America in business terms confident again?
Right.
If I held a metaphorical gun to your head and said, who should be top dog and who's the running mate?
You know, right now, it's just too early.
Quite a little boy racer, aren't you, governor?
I love them.
What were your thoughts when you heard her say that?
Well, I was amazed.
What does it make you feel like when you're on a Harley?
Total freedom.
How are you going to make yourself sexy on the national stage?
You know, I'm not about making myself sexy on the national stage.
What do you make of your rivals, Mr. Perry in particular, given he's the latest frontrunner?
Oh, I think -- you know, again, I go back to my child story that I analogize on my campaign, "The Little Engine That Could."
How do you explain the American public to back a little engine when clearly what the American economy needs is a bloody great steam train?
Yes.
How much more tax would you like Warren Buffett to pay?
Well, Warren Buffett, as you know, pays capital gains taxes.
If I'm watching this as ordinary Joe on the street, I'm thinking, well, I would say why isn't Warren Buffett paying income tax and what are you going to do about it to make sure the super rich like him do pay income tax?
Yes.
Pardon?
I said stop him.
Why are you laughing?
He doesn't collect income tax.
What do you mean by that?
Well, you know, a lot has been written about this.
Do you think homosexuality is a sin?
Well, that's a decision not for a politician.
How many sons do you have?
We have four boys and three girls.
How would you feel if one of your sons turned around one day and said, "Dad, I'm gay"?
I would embrace them, love them and try to help them through what I would see as a very difficult and troubling time in their lives.
I have to say that your views you espoused on this issue are bordering on bigotry, aren't they?
No.
Could you tell me?
Yes.
What do you make of her?
I think Michele is a dynamic person -- someone who can certainly get out there and rally the crowd and has taken some pretty strong stances on issues.
In other words, is that the dream ticket for the GOP really?
Well, I can't speak for anybody else.
Your thoughts?
That was Bob Kerrey who said it as a joke and apologized not only to me, but told the reporter that it was said in jest.
Have you ever had your moments?
Well, gosh, of course.
Have you ever broken the law, senator?
Well, yeah, I admitted back when I was running for the Senate that when I was in college that I smoked pot, and that was something that I did when I was in college.
No other skeletons you want to get of your chest while you're here?
I know you're a Catholic, so I'm not in the confessional.
In reality, what is it you look for in a guy who you think can become a guy who can beat Floyd Mayweather, one of the great boxers in the world?
E LA HOYA: It's odd, because obviously Victor can touch on this in depth.
Do you get that?
I get that quite a bit.
What happens?
I just tap them on the shoulder, like hey, dude, my bad.
What is the signal that means if you progress with this, there is going to be terrible pain heading your way?
I make no eye contact.
Do you get it, Oscar?
Let me tell you the story.
Your father did too?
He walked out four years later.
Once you became famous, did either of your parents make any attempt to contact you?
I actually went out of my way to find both of my parents.
Did he know what had happened to you?
Yes.
Where did you find him?
I went back to Kansas and I asked around everywhere.
What's your advice when a guy like Victor comes to you and says he wants to do that?
I told him.
Did he have an answer or not really?
I actually ended up not even asking him why.
But he couldn't listen to me 100 percent because I'm not his dad, you know?
ORGAN: Let's just turn to the fight for a moment.
How do you think the balance lies right now?
I'm not really sure how the balance lies.
Does fear enter your thinking at all?
No, not at all.
What kind of man is he to fight?
First of all, like you said, he is a great fighter.
How good is this guy?
He's very good.
Did you hit him properly?
He was going to beat me up.
If you actually got in the ring, who would win?
Let me put it this way, if I was at my prime and Victor's at his prime, it will be one hell of a fight.
What do you think?
I had to take the upper hand.
Do you wish you'd had a figure like yourself, perhaps, to help you along the way, to navigate that?
Absolutely.
What have you learned about yourself through that process?
Well, fame can be a trap.
Seventeenth of September, you'll have -- presumably your brother and sister will be there, will they?
Yes, sir.
If Floyd's watching, what's your message for him?
I am taking my title home.
Who do they think you think instinctively go beat Obama?
I don't think they know the answer to that question.
I mean, do you think that somebody like Michele Bachmann or Sarah Palin could ever actually win an election?
No.
At the moment, in the next few years in this country?
No.
Or does the rather intransigent streak that they bring to all that policy-making, is that always going to be the problem?
It's always going to be the problem.
Has he been disappointing or simply was it that expectation levels were way too high?
Well, I think the answer is both.
Has he got it in him, do you think?
I think he has it in him.
I mean, bordering on Joel Olsteen stuff, Frank?
Yes, a little Elmer Gantry thrown in.
I mean, is he somebody who could have his day?
No.
I'm getting a sense that although he said to me absolutely no way am I going to run in 2012, he is coming under pressure, do you think from Republicans to chuck his hat in the ring?
I think he has to be.
What's your assessment of where the spoils of victory and defeat have worked themselves out?
ICH: Well, a few good things can be said.
Do you subscribe to any of that theory?
Not really.
How do you intend to commemorate it?
I'm going to be quietly in New York.
Why are you one of Oprah's favorite things?
I didn't realize you could give away a person on that show.
What was so special about you?
Look, as me, if it were me, and it is, I have always scratched my head about that.
Have you ever used Josh Groban music?
I wish that I could use my own music in the same kind of way.
Would there be someone you were thinking of?
Oh, there is always a muse.
What is the bad-ass?
The bad-ass.
You ever been a hopeless drunk, a drug addict?
Never done any drugs.
Are you a fighter?
I'm a control freak.
Do you like it?
I do love it.
Can you do it with anyone's?
I've been asked in the past and I've politely turned it down, just because you can't top that.
You've never slept with a groupie?
No, I haven't because I'm weird.
Who was it?
ORGAN: They won't complain, because it's obviously like a badge of honor.
Have you interviewed Kid Rock?
I have.
You want to share with me?
Not at the moment, no.
Do you ever sing to your ladies?
No.
What is it now?
It's now called the Find Your Light Foundation, which is to me how I felt --
How can people help if they want to?
If they want to, they can visit my website, which is FindYourLightFoundation.org.
Can you give me one last burst of "Raise Me Up"?
You raise me up.
Are you?
No.
Are you trying to say I need to have a baby?
I didn't even ask the question.
Can we expect the little patter of little Beyonce and Jay-Zs?
Only God knows.
Would you mind asking him to tell me?
I will.
Is this going to come to praying again?
Well, praying does help.
(voice over): And remember this?
I have been unfaithful to my wife.
It is a negative thing, isn't it?
I don't find it negative at all.
Do I really anger you?
Yes, because I think it is a deliberately provocative stance that you take.
I don't know if you have seen the "Book of Mormon" of Matt Stone and Trey Parker?
Yes.
Well, let me ask you, how did we get here?
I believe in this superior being, a God.
Why do you need to label that as something that is God or something?
Because I have never heard an atheist explain to me --
And what happens at the end of our lives?
Well, the answer to saying we can't understand it, is not an answer.
So how do you think that we got here?
I don't know.
What do you think happens when you die?
Nothing.
Where do you go?
Where do you go, I mean when you die.
You must be terrified of death?
Not at all.
But what do you think happens to you?
How scared are you of 1890.
1890?
1890, yeah.
You weren't alive then, right?
No.
Is that a horror to you?
No.
So why is 2090 any worse than that?
I'm not horrified by any sort of dying, because I believe you go on to a celestial place which is wonderful.
Where is your evidence of the celestial place?
Because I come back to the issue of creation.
Aren't those the same answer?
You cannot write a book basically telling a bunch of people around the world, billions of people, who believe in God.
We are all a bit crazy though, a bit nuts?
No, not at all.
Thor?
Yeah, Thor.
Why?
Because it is not the same thing and you know it, and you are being deliberately perverse.
OK, OK, so you are saying that all the Muslim God, the God of Hindu, the Gods of God of Catholics and Protestants are all the same God, even though there are different rules?
ORGAN: No, but I have an respect for anybody from any religion that has a spiritual and religious conviction and belief in a godlike entity in their lives.
Tough to comfort them in this terrible time?
I don't think that to comfort them I lie to them.
And you have never touched alcohol?
I believe touching it might be wrong.
But you don't drink alcohol?
I don't drink alcohol, no.
You don't do drugs?
I don't do-drink caffeine.
You don't fornicate with ladies of the night?
No, although my wife exists during the night.
You don't gamble?
I have-when I say I haven't drank, I really mean it.
And why would you live in Las Vegas?
Because there is nothing I like doing more than I like than my show.
It is going to come to praying again?
Well, praying does help.
What is the answer?
I always seem to think that the most important thing is individuals.
It is why you vote people, and why they get elected, it is why they run for office?
I am not sure that is exactly the way I see it.
Is the solution to give them government money?
I think that the solution is probably to do a little bit of that.
So you think that raising-not on the small business people would do it?
You have to get the revenues from the higher owners, in my view.
Yes, and I assume that you are helping them?
Well, I'm talking about it.
But you are also giving them money and so on, I assume?
I do give money.
They do?
I think so.
You don't think you can help people directly?
I think most people-
Really?
I think, you know, you've got Kiva (ph), doing these microloans all over the world that are making huge changes without any government force, at all.
What is the one thing you would do, if you were president, to get Americans back to work?
What I would do is I think make the government much, much smaller.
Just to shut me up?
ORGAN: When we come back, I want to talk you about magic.
Your two kids are called Zolten Penn and a Moxie Crime Fighter?
Yes, my son's name is my wife's maiden name.
Moxie Crime Fighter?
Moxie, this is one -- Moxie, as you may not know, not being from our wonderful country, Moxie is the beverage, it is an American brand name out of Maine, called Moxie, that then went into -- it is one of the odd brand names that went into the dictionary, not as like Coke meaning soda, but rather as meaning guts, gumption, and so on.
Is she old enough to realize what you have done?
No, no, it is better than that.
Does it feel like a marriage to you?
No.
You like him?
There was no sort of cuddly feeling for him.
How do you get along now?
Wonderfully.
Do you socialize away from work?
ILLETTE: About twice a year, we go out socially together.
Do you do all of the talking?
No, no, no, no, no.
So he's perfectly garrulous when you have dinner and stuff?
More so than me.
What would you pray for?
I would pray for, I think, more perfect knowledge.
Why was it surprising?
I don't know.
What would you hope to gain from this?
I can't hammer nails for the rest of my life.
When you have seen what has happened to America and you have seen the emergence of the Tea Party as a proper formidable political force, do you feel a twinge of regret that you are not at the forefront of this?
You know, I don't think that there is a lot to gained by the "might have been" or the "would have been", or the "could have beens" of life.
The super rich who are paying a disproportionate sum of taxes in their total tax threshold, compared to the guy compared on the street?
I would say I absolutely believe in the notion of tax reform.
Which of the Republicans, at the moment-and we are seeing a clear pattern beginning to emerge with Romney, and Bachmann and Perry and so on-who do you think fundamentally has what it takes in the overall package to seriously challenge Barack Obama?
I think that the primary system will winnow that out.
Well, you are trying to get me to pick a horse and I don't want to do that?
Well, I'm saying you are in the paddock.
Could you see him rallying to the cause of the party, if no one has emerged by then that people think could beat Obama?
Well, I think there is talk of that still happening.
So is Michele Bachmann the one in that case, is she the obvious person now beginning to capture enough of the public's imagination to potentially be that person?
No, I don't think you could look at it that simplistically.
But of those names, of the three, you know, which one if you had to put one in the race tomorrow?
ANFORD: I'm not going to pick a horse.
How does it feel?
It is humbling.
Given that, do you feel great regret, or is that the wrong emotion to put to you?
Well, I think that, you -- I mean, anybody who has been married doesn't start out the beginning thinking, boy, I hope some day I get divorced and I hope some day that the train comes off of the track.
And what have you learned about yourself?
Well, I have learned a lot.
How has the public been with you?
They're incredible.
How did that make you feel?
It was fabulous.
What would you do differently?
A whole host of things, none of which are particularly productive in terms of my boys who might be watching the show.
Would anything really have made much difference?
Yeah, I'd say a couple different things.
Having got it wrong in your marriage, do you feel like you've learned enough from that whole experience, and the bruising exposure and scandal to get it right now?
I hope so.
Are you happier in yourself now do you think?
Oh, yeah.
How do you feel about that?
It's true.
Do you have any plans to remarry?
We'll see.
Would it be a nice ending to the saga for you?
I think so.
It wouldn't be the most shocking thing we'd read or hear?
We'll see.
Is Jon Huntsman the real deal?
I was the only candidate who stood up on the debt ceiling debate and said this country shouldn't default.
What is the Jon Huntsman vision for America?
Pre-eminence for the United States.
Or should the American dream be slightly re- invented for the modern world?
The American dream is the same.
Why try to build something like they did the last generation?
You worked in China for a couple of years and you well know that when you compare bureaucracy to China to bureaucracy in America, one of the reasons that they are marching on, good or bad, whatever your view of it, is they are not consumed with red tape over every tiny thing they do.
But does America have a fundamental problem business wise with the sheer volume of paperwork, red tape; legalese stuff that I believe slows down modern business?
In an autocratic system like China, there's plenty of red tape.
What values did he instill in you?
Hard work.
What was the name of your band?
We had a lot of bands but the last one, the good one, was wizard.
Did you see potential conflict arising?
Donny and Marie did OK.
Now is that true?
If you can tell me anything about Captain Beefheart, I'll give you an answer.
Do you want to get your hand dirty in the grubbiness of running for high office and all that comes with it?
We've come this far.
Are you comfortable that they're ready?
They have been raised in a public environment.
Why is that and how do you change that?
Well, its early days.
When is the point when we should look at how you're performing and properly judge it?
Not August.
You really want to get me in trouble, do you?
I do, yes.
What is something that you would say to a friend over dinner?
I don't - well, I'll tell you what I told most people, if not everybody.
Do you have sympathy for him in the position he found himself in where he had such an intransigent part of the Republican Party really just refusing to compromise?
He appointed me and I stood up and took the appointment to serve my country.
Where would you disagree with her?
Well, on the debt ceiling.
On gay marriage?
Yes.
What is your view of abortion?
I am pro life.
Do you think there are any other circumstances where you would think an abortion is acceptable?
Rape, incest and life of the mother would be the exceptions that I could live with.
When you see again intransigents by some of the particularly the tea party and of the Republican Party on this kind of thing, do you think again that it's bordering on bigotry?
ON HUNTSMAN: All I have to say I don't have a lot of patience on a lot of the non-economic issues.
Would you endorse what he said?
No.
Do you like him?
You know I don't know him that well.
I mean you've said it in a very nice way but what you're basically doing is knifing him straight in the back, aren't you?
I'm just pointing out the facts, just pointing out the facts.
What about to a tea party candidate?
You know, anyone who's going -
Could you entertain such idea?
Captain Beefheart music, I assume you are talking about.
You wouldn't rule out Michele Bachmann?
I'm not going to play the name game at all.
What the hell have you just said to me?
I said whatever I say you'll have no idea what it is and after that I said, my name in Chinese and I said I'm going to become the next president of the United States.
What is your view?
It's the most important relationship of the 21st century.
Because it allows them to apply a pressure that may not be good for America?
Of course it is unhealthy.
Has the time come for America to simply pull out all of its troops now from Iraq and Afghanistan and just start on concentrating on domestic issues?
We have no choice, Piers.
Is it acceptable for America and its national psyche and morale to pull out of two countries where a war has not been won?
It is a counter terror effort that we are waging.
Are you redefining the nature of the conflict?
Yes.
Are you more in the revenge business then?
No, I'm in the keep America safe business.
If come this time next year the battle for the White House is you against Barack Obama, a man who believes he's your dear, dear friend, are you prepared to gun him down politically?
We'll have a good debate and it will be around the issues and it will be a complete, complete approach that speaks to economic expansion and job creation where he has failed the American people miserably and where we're going to bring our strength from our background.
Are you politically ruthless?
I've got what it takes to win and I've got the vision which -
Can you be ruthless?
Listen.
Are you brutal at them?
of course I do.
When did you first meet John?
Careful.
It must have been disappointing, isn't it?
Oh, yes.
You ride Harleys?
40-year rider
Is that right?
Something like that.
Why should he be president?
Because I think he's the greatest leader out there.
What is your great master plan?
The principles are the same, whether in Utah or whether on a national basis.
Why would you vote against them?
Yes.
What was the thinking there?
The think is there that we had a little more love to give.
Are you prepared for that?
I don't know that you are ever prepared.
Where do you see the line drawn in terms of your adherence to the Mormon faith?
I have a deep belief in God.
What would you say to that?
Well, I'd say there are 13 million Mormons around the world today.
Are you ready for this?
I think so.
Now, are you the only member of your family that can do this?
You know, it just so happens that I have a daughter who actually plays somewhat.
What are you going to play?
Don't embarrass me too bad.
Are we agreed?
I have a coin you can flip if you want.
This is when I cry, Piers?
No.
You're not vain at all like that?
It's just -- it's not what my life is about.
Literally a pair of socks?
Literally a pair of socks.
Wouldn't it be the chronic debt cure?
Yes, I probably should write -- I called my publisher when all the debt business was going on.
Where are the safe havens for people?
I think the number one safe haven where people put their money is to invest in yourself first.
What does that mean?
It means if you're -- if you use what I talk about, first diagnose the problem.
Is this when I cry, Piers?
No.
What is the way that people at the moment that haven't got much money, how can they find fulfillment without necessarily material things?
Right.
-- who was -- you were part of a program to help him, right?
Yes.
How do you think he's doing in particular relation to the economy of this country?
Well, I think he's doing very well.
Better -- what better place to do this?
You don't want -- listen, you don't want to talk about what's going on out there at a birthday party.
So what was he like?
ARPER: I completely agree with you.
Is he aggressive when he gets wind up?
Yes, I -- you know, he plays hard and he wants to win.
Do you worry for him?
You know, one thing that I've come to realize is that polls reflect present day fears, not future results.
When you see the Republican candidates to date, what do you make of them?
I think that they have a pretty strong field.
Who do you think is the most dangerous?
Dangerous isn't the best word.
Who's the one the next time you see the president you say, "You just want to watch that one"?
You know, I don't know.
Do you understand that, and what do you think of that?
You know, I -- folks are able to have their own opinions, and I would never censor anyone and say they're wrong for their own opinion.
Does he have that thing in him to say, right -- like he might be doing now with America?
I think you're painting an analogy that he's losing right now, and I --
Is that inaccurate?
I don't -- I -- it's actually inaccurate, Piers.
Is he winning, though, do you think?
We are winning.
Was he a good come-from- behind kind of guy?
Absolutely.
So if you take any kind of assumption that he's not in a winning position right now, you'd back him to win?
Absolutely, without question.
You won't hold it against me that you used to be on my college bedroom wall?
No, thank you.
It's a compliment?
Well, it is a compliment.
Really?
But I've got such respect for you watching your career from extraordinary journalist, to "The Apprentice."
How did that happen?
A lot of sweat equity.
Did you?
Oh, yes.
What made you think that?
RELAND: I just knew it.
Have you had much failure?
Oh, my goodness, yes.
Where is the failure?
Well, first of all, you're very kind.
Because I haven't seen it?
Oh, my God.
Literally a pair of socks?
Literally a pair of stocks.
That's a totally different thing, isn't it?
It's extremely different.
What was the key -- when you began with the socks and stuff, what was the key moment for you that really propelled this from, you know, a small business into the big league?
Well, in the beginning, our socks were carried at a handful of sporting good stores, Big Five and a few others.
Do you remember what it was?
Sure, yeah.
What's the answer?
Thank you.
Really?
Absolutely.
What kind of injuries?
Smashed up face, nose, smashed teeth, ripped shoulder, mouth, lips, eyes.
What did you learn about that?
The minute it happened I thought, OK, this is going to be an adventure.
How important is it, do you think, to have -- if you are doing this kind of business, to have the backdrop of a good, stable family?
For me, it's everything.
But none of the models?
Some of them, like a few of them.
Who did you think was -- present company excepted, who did you think was the number one, the most beautiful model you have ever seen?
There are so many.
ORGAN: If you could produce one magazine, say one "Sports Illustrated" before you died, and you could put one woman as the cover, it can't be you?
Oh, my goodness.
Who would it be?
There were so many.
A what?
The pair of you.
What was that experience like for you?
It still doesn't -- I still feel like she's here.
A proper star, wasn't she?
Absolutely, in every way.
As someone who knew her so well, what was something that really annoyed you the most about the way she was characterized?
People always said she was dying.
What's the thing you are pushing now?
Our business is about solutions.
Do you have a little laugh at them now?
You know, it was interesting, because for years we were building our brand very quietly.
Do you like that?
I'd say a slow learner, hopefully tough.
Do you think President Obama is going to announce anything on Thursday which will get America back to work?
I think he's going to announce a number of projects, a number of things that will put America back to work.
You seem to be very well-informed on what the president may be saying?
Well, I haven't had any involvement in the speech, itself.
Do you think that he has it in him to come up with a plan which is going to be big enough, radical enough and effective enough to really transform this jobs crisis?
I mean, look at the background.
Did you agree with that?
Well, in many ways they don't play by the rules.
So where does employer, American employer, responsibility kick in here?
They have a significant responsibility that they haven't been taking up.
Everyone over $1 million a year, I'm going to tax the hell out of you, because we need revenue, we need this economy back on its feet?
We do need the revenue.
Congressman, you're not very impressed then by what you think may be coming?
We want our president to succeed.
What kind of thing has President Obama got to come out with to really make a difference here?
Well, I would hope that the president would call on the government's capacity to be able to spend money into circulation, just like the Fed, to create money out of nothing to quantitative easing.
So, where is the incentives of the Republicans to not play partisan games here?
UCINICH: Well, your conventional political analysis is spot-on.
Because -- is it going to be a shoo-in for the president do you think when it comes to it, because no one is quite sure what the GOP stand for?
All right.
Could you see a situation where you or somebody else thinks he knows something we need to have a different face here?
Well, I'm not a candidate.
Why doesn't he say, you know something, I'm the president of the United States to John Boehner and if you want to move your thing, you move it?
Well, there is something to what Kipling wrote about if you can keep your head while those about you are losing theirs and blaming it on you, there is something to that.
Without being too dramatic about it, I mean, could the prospect of a second term of office for Barack Obama hinge on this speech on Thursday?
Hinge on the speech, no.
I mean, slightly rephrasing then, my previous point -- if those jobs are not created, and in fact, if there is continued unemployment and the figure goes up, it is going to be almost impossible, isn't it, for President Obama to win the election?
It would be very difficult.
Is it time for a bit of audacity and hope?
Yes.
The obvious question is -- post the killing of Osama bin Laden and other al Qaeda leaders being bumped off, too, are we seeing the end of al Qaeda as an effective terrorist organization?
Well, we're certainly seeing them spin out of control in terms of command and control.
Did you ever imagine when you had that extraordinary encounter that he might be capable of pulling off such an atrocity?
I was fairly certain from the time I met bin Laden -- and this is not revisionist history.
And it would be almost impossible for a terrorist group now to carry out something that nobody had thought of?
Well, I think two opposing forces have met there.
Or is it both?
Well, it is both.
What will be going through his mind now, as he tries to regroup and rally his troops, do you think?
Well, al Zawahiri is an interesting man.
But does that kind of sum up really the fact that al Qaeda has managed to bluff the world into thinking that its this incredibly sophisticated, glamorous outfit, when actually it looks like they are just like another bunch of terrorists who may have got lucky a few times?
Well, I think that it is no secret to any of us that a lot of television production involves bluff.
You guys have to be lucky every minute of every day?
Well, the analysis division in the DNI is the overarching group that has the group of people who prepare the PDA, or the Presidents' Daily Briefing.
Or from everything that you have picked up over the last few years, are there other organizations that you think may -- or even lone individuals that pose a bigger threat?
Well, al Qaeda is the key threat to killing Americans on U.S. soil or overseas in rapid operations.
Would you think that we need to be finding out pretty quickly who is going to be running these countries?
Well, power abhors a vacuum.
What is your personal view, from all that you have seen?
I'm an optimist by nature.
How does America prepare for this kind of event?
I think America has been preparing incrementally for ten years since 9/11.
What is the doomsday event as far as intelligence operatives go, when it comes to this kind of thing?
ILLER: Well, I think, as you said a little further back in this show, you're always trying to out-imagine the bad guys.
Are you a slightly relieved that you no longer have to have this responsibility bearing down on your shoulders?
I have to say, the DNI, the Director of National Intelligence, is by and large a policy shop that is meant to lead the intelligence community.
Can it compete with China anymore?
Oh, yes, absolutely.
What do you think?
I agree with every word you just said, Piers, including "and" and "the."
Where do you sit?
Well, I'm very much in the second category.
What do you think of that?
You know what's so funny about this, Piers, I mean, when you think of all these oil companies giving millions and millions of dollars in donations to buy basically every politician to deny climate change, and then you have the politicians complaining about some poor tenured scientist who probably is struggling filling out 100 forms to maybe get a $25,000 grant over 10 years from the National Science Foundation.
Yes, when you see, as I say, Rick Perry how espouse that nonsense as you put it, and he's way ahead in these polls to be Republican nominee, could you actually imagine a scenario where either he or one of the other Tea Party candidates is chosen as the person to take on Barack Obama in the next election?
I'm sure it's possible.
Does Barack Obama have it in him to beat his chest with this jobs speech, re-energize America, galvanize the people, and maybe carve the initials "B.O." into the White House wall in a few months' time, yes or no?
Yes.
How are you, Piers?
I'm very good.
How important do you think this speech is tomorrow, in terms of whether he will or will not be re-elected?
I think it's really important.
What would you say to that, given that Warren Buffett, one of the richest men in the country, has advocated it?
It's easy for the richest man in the country to advocate that.
Is it a curse when this happens to any candidate, do you think?
Well, you know, over the last three or four days, I've seen many people put up little signs and the charts showing that at this point, four years ago, I was ahead and Hillary Clinton was ahead.
But have you ruled it out?
I haven't ruled it out.
Mayor, what's the situation right now?
The situation is that two airplanes have attacked apparently -- what -- all right, well then let's go -- let's go north then.
What are your thoughts as we head towards the day?
Well, it is very emotional.
Where will you be, Rudy, on the tenth anniversary?
I'll be there.
What do we know, do you think?
We know that the U.S. has been on a heightened state of alert, Piers, for some time now, specifically -- specifically because on Sunday is the 10th anniversary of 9/11.
What can you tell me about this?
I do know that that is taking place, obviously, in New York, not here, not involving the White House.
But have you seen anything quite like this in terms of the warning they have given, the strength of the warning, the number of official bodies coming out now making statements, briefings and so on?
I haven't seen anything exactly like this.
What is your reaction and do you think he'll get this through?
Well, we certainly need to deal with the sinking economy, the growth that we're seeing now is 1 percent or less, far below what was projected just a few months ago.
What do you know about this?
Well, I know that the president was briefed first thing this morning.
What makes you taking this one so seriously?
The president takes all threats to our country very seriously, and that's why he's asked his team to redouble our efforts.
What do you think his reaction is now that he's made it to the early reaction you've been receiving to the speech?
Well, I think that he's received a lot of very positive reaction to the speech.
If it doesn't work, if we get to next summer and unemployment has continued to rise, would you as the administration accept that the American public would have a right to vote the president out of office?
Look, this isn't a matter of the president in or out of office.
Are you encouraged by their reaction or do you think you may be facing a pretty uphill battle here?
Well, no, we're encouraged.
Is it going to work?
Well, I think it's significant, Piers.
I mean, is this going to actually make a big enough difference?
I think it will make a big difference.
And if so, in what kind of time scale?
It feels to me like this is more kind of spurring demand in the short term.
What did you make of his ambitious plans of America to stop being the world's biggest consumer and perhaps go back to what they used to be really good at, which is become one of the world's great producers and manufacturers again?
Well, I think that's what we need to do.
Ron Paul, what do you make of it, not very impressed then?
No, not too much.
The country may not have much money, but he's got to do something, doesn't he?
Well, you know, I think you state the problem that we have.
Mr. Brinkley, your reaction to the jobs speech tonight, please?
Well, I think it was -- the president was trying to give a jolt to the economy.
Should he have really gone for it, put a trillion dollars behind this?
Well, I don't think a trillion dollars would have been credible.
How credible does it sound to you?
Well, the phraseology you talk about is specific, credible and unconfirmed.
What are you expecting from this press conference that we're going to get to in a moment?
What I've heard of the threat -- I actually heard it was New York or Washington.
Jane?
Thank you, Mr. Mayor.
Ray?
Thank you, Mr. Mayor.
Mr. Mayor?
Commissioner, thank you.
Can you tell us what forced your hand to make this now?
That's Michael Bloomberg there in a press conference about the terror threat tonight, which is believed to be involving the tenth anniversary of 9/11.
What was your view when you heard the comments they made?
I think that they are using measured language, which is meant to inspire people to pay attention and to report what they see because of a heightened threat picture, but also very measured language not to cause overdue concern or panic.
Susan, what is the latest information you have?
The latest information, Piers, is that three people might possibly be involved.
Are you happy about that?
Absolutely not.
Dave Ramsey, would you agree with that?
Absolutely, I would agree with that.
Do you actually believe that what the president outlined today is going to stimulate the jobs market enough to make any substantial difference?
Well, I don't, because what comes with this is the ticket that we go further into debt.
Back to CNN's Susan Candiotti now with the latest breaking news on the terror threat against New York and D.C. Susan, what have you got?
Certainly these are two areas that already on edge with the anniversary of 9/11, the tenth anniversary rolling around.
Do you ever see a time when it will end in your lifetime?
Well, you know, I can hope it will end.
And how do you think you've changed sin what happened in the next day?
Well, Cantor Fitzgerald September 10th, 2001 was a winning organization.
What was the precise moment that you heard there was something going down at the tower?
Well, I took a picture with my son, you know, sort of the classic wet behind the ears, the backpack picture about 8:45, I have the picture.
This must have been the absolute, ultimate nightmare for you, wasn't it?
Yes, it's impossible for it to have happened.
As you looked up at the towers, what was the moment for you that you certainly feared that there was going to be no way out for your friends and employees?
Well, you know, so I was in my car.
What are you thinking in that moment?
I'm thinking that -- that I'm done.
I think -- didn't she take a call before the tower came down from your brother in the tower, is that right?
My sister, she was with me at school.
What was the moment for you when you reassessed that, when you got a feeling, it's not done, I can turn this in to a positive?
Well, my wife told me that one of my senior partners was alive and he lived in Greenwich Village, which I thought, all right, I could just walk there.
Way, way more than they would ever have expected?
Well, so we decided -- we had a call at 11:00 at night.
An enemy figure until the money began to come and they could see that you were going to be good to your promise?
Until I was able to send them money, and by the way, you sent them money on October 22nd.
Howard, where were you when you heard that Navy SEALS had shot and killed Osama bin Laden?
I was sitting at home, just watching television with my family.
Did you feel any kind of closure?
Well, you saw on television, there was these crowds at the White House chanting USA, USA.
How do you intend to commemorate the day?
Well, you know, the National September 11 Museum is opening that morning.
How do you think you've changed as a human being through what's happened?
You know, I was orphaned when I was young.
How can America get itself back on its feet?
I think people in Washington spend too much time in Washington.
What happen?
ANNING: I reached the lobby.
You know who it is, don't you?
It was a bond trader at another firm.
How have you found the courage and the strength to battle through?
I think it was a combination of how I was raised.
How important was it for you to have not just your husband, but also that little baby, who you had to bring up as a mother, despite what you were going through?
He was the driving force that day in my decision to live.
Where will you be, Lauren, on Sunday when the anniversary takes place?
I will be, as I always am, with my Cantor Fitzgerald family.
Did you feel any sense of closure when Osama bin Laden was killed?
I felt this sense that it was good we got the titular head, as it was, of al Qaeda.
How are you and the family bearing up since Amy died?
It's been very difficult, Piers.
Have you been taken aback by the sheer scale of the reaction to her death?
I have.
How would you describe how you've been feeling since you heard the news?
I think all of those.
Where were you when you heard the news?
I was in New York.
She was on her own?
She was on her own.
What was your reaction immediately?
I -- I had incredible clarity.
Did a part of you expect this call one day?
No, not at all.
What about alcohol?
Well, alcohol was a different issue.
But do you have any sort of concrete regrets, things you wish you'd done?
No, I really don't.
Have you had moments in private where you've really lost it about this or have you been able to keep things together?
I mean, I have moments when I just can't believe what's happened.
Do you think she ever really committed to rehab properly or not?
No.
What was the moment for you when you thought, OK, wow, this is interesting?
Well, there's so many stories.
And the irony was that she actually left the Sylvia Young school because she wasn't, in their eyes, performing academically well enough, right?
Well, Sylvia will say -- Sylvia will say that she wasn't expelled, but she was actually expelled.
When she left Sylvia, what was the moment for you that you realized this little girl of yours was going to be an international star?
We were -- at Sylvia Young, she met a guy called Tyler James, who was a great friend.
You hadn't seen it coming?
Not really, no.
Where do you think she'd got that from?
Well, I'd like to say me, of course, but the truth is that Janice, my ex-wife's family, there were professional musicians on that side, too.
Was that how you saw it?
Absolutely.
A force for good in her life?
An incredible force for good in her life.
When she first got together with this guy, as her father, what was your immediate reaction when you saw the kind of person that he was?
My immediate reaction was that he was a very charming guy.
So you were suspicious of his motivation, really?
I was suspicious of his motivation, yes, I was.
Do you believe that?
Well, I don't know about ecstasy, but cocaine and heroin, yes, I do.
Did you ever confront him?
Oh, frequently, and his family.
What would you say?
Leave my daughter alone, leave us alone.
Did they not believe that he had got Amy into these hard drugs?
No.
Do you fear that, you know, you were going to wake up one day with the terrible news that you eventually did, ironically at a time when she was a lot cleaner, but did you fear through that period with Blake that this was all going to end horribly?
Well, yes, I did.
But of course, Amy, at the time, thought, what's all the fuss about?
Yes, but she was a headstrong girl.
But, you know, I would imagine fabulously successful, very rich, and probably a little part of her was thinking, hey, dad, back off, this is my life, right?
Absolutely.
But he provided the platform for her to take those drugs?
So I believe.
Could you know?
You could do, but you know, I think I love Lisa, she loved Blake and Blake loved her in his own way.
Have you talked to him since she died?
No, I wouldn't talk to him.
Has he made any attempt to contact you?
He says he has, but he hasn't.
He hasn't written to you or anything?
No.
What do you say to people who criticize you like that?
That's a fair point.
Did you feel it was a genuine one, or were you still very concerned?
Well, I was concerned, but we had, I could draw her on the experiences that we had with the recovery from the drugs.
Was the Achilles' heel alcohol in the end?
Well, it clearly was.
But how bad an addiction was that for her after the drugs?
Well, alcohol is far more dangerous than drugs are anyway.
Had she been drinking alone the night she died?
She had started drinking, yes.
Do you know how much she had that night?
I have no idea.
But it would appear that she had been drinking alcohol?
There was alcohol in her system, yes.
And do you know what actually killed her?
We're still -- we know it's not drugs, but we don't know the official coroner's verdict.
Do you have any instinct?
Well, my instinct is that it's pretty much what the doctor warned us about.
What happened in Belgrade, do you think?
When the tour was booked, it was booked -- I mean, obviously, these things are booked nine months previously.
Who does it help?
Well, it helps disadvantaged children, young adults.
What's the easiest way to do that?
Well, the easiest way is to go on WWW.AmyWinehouseFoundation.Co.UK and donate.
Either professionally or personally, or both?
Well, the great memories are seeing her on stage for the first time, but my great memories, the last -- I went away on the Friday to New York, as I say, I had a show the following Monday at the Blue Note.
I mean, you must miss her terribly, right?
We were.
What do you hope her legacy will be, Mitch?
Her legacy will be her music, hopefully there will be -- hopefully there will be some more music.
Her foundation is going to help thousands and thousands of children, and what better legacy could you want than that?
She was one of the greatest talents I've ever seen.
What went through your mind?
For a moment, I thought it was just too -- a car and a motorcycle on fire until I got to the scene where my wife was already there.
When you look back at the video, what do you think now?
At first, when I saw it was a fire, an accident, I didn't think about myself.
I mean, do you consider yourselves to be heroes?
Um, I don't -- I don't think hero, like, would be like the word to describe the people who were like trying to help lifting the car, or helping the person, I mean Brandon.
What do you think?
James, Anvar, Abbass, I think you are all heroes as well as everyone who helped to that scene.
And Tyler, can you tell me, what is Brandon's -- clarify what Brandon's condition is please, Tyler?
He is still in the Intensive Care Unit at a hospital in Salt Lake City, which is about 90 miles south of Logan, but they are hoping to move him out of that unit later today and move him into a regular patient room, where they will upgrade him to the condition of satisfactory.
Is he aware of the video?
He has actually did see the video earlier today during some news coverage, and he -- that was the first time that he had seen it, and he was shocked by it.
And what was -- what was his view, do you think, of the people that saved his life?
I think that he thinks that they were all -- they were all heroes.
What is your reaction?
I'm not kind of surprise.
How are you coming to terms with what happened?
Well, the first half an hour was obviously horrendous because I woke up and -- you know was woken up by my son, looked up at the big house, saw 200-foot flames coming out of it, and knew my daughter, nephews, nieces, my mother, and friends were in the house.
Were you surprised how fast this happened?
Yes.
She scooped up your mother I think and actually helped carry her out of the house, is that right?
She did.
The knight in naked shining armor?
Not a pretty sight.
Is that right?
Yes, I'm not very technical, sadly, and I finished writing "Losing My Virginity," the sort of second edition of it, and it was, you know, close to going to press.
Which camp do you think you're in?
It's a good question.
Do you believe more or less in god since the day after your conversation over dinner?
Well, look, I believe in evolution.
Do you ever -- do you ever pray?
I found myself on one of my balloon trips, where, you know, I was 99 percent definitely going to die crossing the Pacific.
And despite the fact that you survived that, Richard, with your .1 percent, you still don't believe?
Well, look --
And what is the best, simplest way to get out of this tank?
Well, I think why it is has been well reported.
Are you impressed by the way he's handled this or disappointed?
Look, he -- I think he would have done quite well not to have been elected when he was elected and waited four years because you know he was -- you know he had the worst stack of cards of any president for a long time.
Do you think that we need more centers like this set up by businessmen like you, encouraging that kind of entrepreneurial zeal, which many think is gone from places like America now?
I think that business leaders need to play a much bigger part in tackling a whole range of issues than business leaders have done in the past.
What about Warren Buffett's idea that all very rich people like he and yourself should pay whacking more tax?
There is -- I think the number one priority is for, you know, government to get rid of waste of spending.
Richard, of all the runners and writers for the Republican race right now, who do you think may end up being the nomination to take on President Obama?
Well, obviously, look, Rick Perry seems to be in the forefront at the moment.
When do you expect to take your first spaceflight?
Well, it's very exciting at the moment and exactly a month today we unveiled the space port in New Mexico which is stunningly beautiful and right out in the middle of the desert.
Are you going to be the guy that makes me come closer to my children?
I hope so.
How many have you actually sold?
We've nearly reached 500.
Did you?
And I asked him what he thought about your program.
Did you write that?
Yeah.
A petite scene stealer?
I wanted to hear you say "petite scene stealer."
Are you really 4 foot, 11?
Yeah, 90 pounds.
Do you just have a tendency to spew something out you instantly regret?
Actually, no one knows this story, but this kind of sums it up.
My queen?
Your queen.
Really?
Yes.
You went up to a British admiral and asked him to get you a drink?
Not just a admiral, he was the head of the entire military.
The chief of our armed forces?
Yes.
You asked him to get you a drink?
That is right.
Did you meet the queen?
Of course, twice.
What happened?
Well, the first night was wonderful because you address her and you only touch her if she touches you.
What was it?
"People Will Say We're in Love" from "Oklahoma," oddly know, which is where I'm from.
So you think you stumbled on a secret love song story?
"People Will Say We're in Love."
Isn't that sweet?
And there was a little glimmer in her eye.
In what way?
HENOWETH: He's light.
You go out with her, do you?
Yes.
Really?
Yes.
What does she mean to you?
I think for me, what -- they always talk about the "ah ha" moments" with Oprah.
Do you do that?
I certainly try.
How can this happen?
Piers, help.
Anyone?
Trust me, there will be a big cue in here.
Why?
I think the whole idea of having to be with someone all the time scared me, and like what would I do if I needed to be alone, go to the bathroom -- I don't know, just life.
Do you wish you'd married either one of those men?
I think they were fabulous guys.
Didn't you have a little fling with George Clooney?
In my mind.
You did go out with Aaron Sorkin?
Yes.
Isn't it?
It is.
I sounded kind of smart, right?
You put on your intelligent voice.
What do you make of that?
Piers, you know, I'm a Christian, too.
Do you feel disillusioned by him?
Well, you know, first of all, I won't say whether I vote -- who I voted for and who I will vote for because I don't think -- I'm not -- I wouldn't want to talk about that publicly.
Can you imagine that job?
I can't think of a worse job.
Deal?
Deal.
Their money, their jobs or my brother's health?
The real story behind all those scandals.
As we approach the start of this trial, what are your feelings?
My feelings are, just as well as the family, the truth is going to come out.
Do you think that Conrad Murray was solely responsible for your brother's death?
My gut feeling is the fact that Conrad was present during his death, there's a lot of questions to be answered.
What do you think of that?
Well, I think that, first of all, being a cardiologist and not an anesthesiologist, there's a big difference.
Do you think that's possible?
I really don't know but I do know that it's a difference between Demerol and Propofol.
Is Propofol considered by most physicians to be an anesthetic, rather than just a sleeping pill?
I really don't know.
When did you see Conrad Murray that night in the hospital?
I saw Conrad when I first went to the hospital.
Did he look guilty?
His behavior, how he was acting.
Did he look concerned?
Everything.
Did you talk to him?
No, no.
Did he say anything to any of the family?
He wanted to come in, I guess, and say his -- something to my mother and his condolences or something but I felt uneasy with him.
Did you know that he'd been with Michael that night?
I found out, yes, that he was with Michael.
Which tapes were erased?
The surveillance tapes were erased.
They're all gone?
Well, some of the tapes were erased to the whereabouts who would come in and out during the time, at the house.
Who do you think would erase it?
They were in the hands of the police department.
And how often did you talk to Michael?
We spoke to him not that much during rehearsal.
Do you know how long he had been given Propofol?
When -- when "This Is It" there was a lot of footage that was taken out that no one saw and because that was the edit before the edit.
I mean what is the stuff we didn't see?
Well, things that we noticed.
-- of knocking somebody out for the purposes of sleep?
And plus, he's lived all this time doing Demerol and sleeping pills and also, pain pills, but the symptoms from Propofol is like no one knew that he was -- the public didn't know he was complaining about his body.
Is there any evidence that you've seen?
I really don't know, but --
What is the theory that you think about that?
Our belief is that we knew he was doing prescription drugs to sleep and pain.
The family?
No -- no, these are people that were around him.
Are these side effects that you have identified?
These are symptoms of that because of the fact that it was administered in him outside of a hospital setting, the person wasn't adequate enough to do this, and the fact that the night that he died, he was -- he had just arranged a $15 million payment on a house.
Is that possible?
Whether it's possible or not, being a doctor, you take an oath.
These are people working for AEG?
These are people working for AEG, working for him, working for the show.
How many of the people directly around him at the time that he died, do you think, are culpable for a form of responsibility for his death?
See, that's the question I have.
Why do you think they didn't?
Because they wanted the show to go on.
It's not in their interest to raise any alarm bells about his health, is it?
No, because the fact that, still, if you have tens of billions of dollars, you still want more but this was an event that was going to put money in everybody's pockets but at the same time, his health was ignored.
Was it the same kind of body that you would expect?
No.
Or this simply just not going to be enough evidence?
To tell you the truth, Piers, it's -- the defense is going to try to paint my brother out to be even most horrible person and he wasn't.
Were any of the family attend the trial?
Oh, yes.
Will you get out?
Absolutely.
Every day?
I'm going to try to be there as much as I can, yes.
How do you think you'll feel when you see Conrad Murray standing there?
I don't feel good about him before I knew him so I'm kind of feel the same way.
I mean did you lose peace of mind getting the way you've gotten?
No, because we've always known that this was just an illusion.
And so he played up to a lot of the things, didn't he?
Not so much of the Wacko Jacko.
How did you feel as his brother?
Michael wasn't -- he was very, very much normal.
Your father was a tough guy, though, wasn't he?
My father was tough, but that's still love, because you care to discipline your child and to show them the right path to take.
As his big brother, what is the truth about Michael's skin color change over the years?
Michael --
Was any part of him wishing he wasn't so black?
No.
How did you see that impact on him as a human being?
Well, I do know that he wanted that.
What was -- what was your view?
No, but I -- I think he -- he wanted to change the way he looked because he wanted to improve things.
He comes -- is he about -- was he just a perfectionist?
He -- he -- I think in his mind, he had something that he was going after and -- but -- but these things -- once -- once you start, you get caught up into it and then you want to do a little here and there.
When you watched that, what did you feel about that interview?
Well, first of all, Martin Bashir needs to be slapped and he never should have been around Michael.
And -- and see, why this -- there's a question for us, why does people in the media want to say the most horrible things about someone, knowing that they have all the right intentions to do good?
I guess the answer, if I'm putting my media hat back on, because I worked in newspapers at the time of all that, is that it's not normal -- I use that word in, you know, just in a straightforward way -- for a guy of, say, 44, to be sharing a bed with a boy of 12.
But how do you know that?
-- or the media --
How do you know that?
I just --
How do you know that?
I just guess -- I don't anybody like that.
But do you believe that?
Yes.
You do?
Absolutely.
Was Michael too innocent for this modern world, do you think?
Absolutely.
You really believe that, that he was just from a different era?
He was from the era that -- that we were from.
How are his three children?
Very, very, very well.
Do they -- do they use the Internet and stuff like that?
They do, but we don't like it.
Do any of them show any signs of wanting to follow in Michael's footsteps as entertainers?
They're very much into film.
Who do you think has the -- the most chance of being a successful actor or actress?
Well, Paris is -- is -- is a star.
Or does the good that you've enjoyed from all this outweigh the -- the bad?
The good definitely outweighs the bad.
When this trial starts, if you feel that he's getting unfairly trashed in there, how are you going to deal with that?
Michael's done so much good and so many good deeds that he's well protected.
Just don't play with her with tennis, right?
I wouldn't have a chance.
Have you seen the president, by the way?
Yes.
You'd (INAUDIBLE)?
No.
Who was more boy crazy?
This one is always boy crazy.
What more can a man give you?
That's what I'm saying, Piers.
You're on a CNN show, right?
Yes.
What is the serious side of Mario like?
Well, you know, I fancy myself a news guy.
What were the values?
I think it was just a strong work ethic.
What do you think attracted them to America?
It's still the land of opportunity.
What do they make of what happened to America?
You know, it's funny.
Can she not even say, Mario, what have you done to your teeth?
Brush them.
What do you think the answer is?
You know, I think we have no one to blame, really, but ourselves.
Are you a fan of the president?
OPEZ: I am because I got to spend time with him.
He was on your show?
He was on my show, believe it or not.
Is America more or less racist for having had its first African-American, nonwhite president?
I think you still have the same issues, to tell you the truth.
What are your old friends maybe from the old neighborhood when you get back there?
The same friends I got right now.
What are their biggest concerns in reality, do you think?
The reality right now, the barber shop talk, if you will, everyone is concerned about jobs -- jobs, jobs, jobs, jobs.
And your show sort of fits, you take celebrities to meet their haters, right?
Yes.
Have you been particularly hurt by the stuff you read about yourself?
I've been bothered by the way it affects my family.
What's the worst stuff for you to deal with?
Oh, nothing too terrible.
As a guilt ridden Catholic boy, you've been this lady, the mother of your child for three years now?
Yes.
Are you going to get married?
It's coming.
It is?
Yes.
How did you get married for two weeks?
I was not mature enough and I didn't have the guts really, probably, to do the right thing.
Do you think you've met the one now?
Those sort of things become redundant and yes, I have.
Do I have it in me?
Yes, Mario Lopez.
Mario, do you think you have it in you?
That's pretty good.
Mario the lothario, do you think you have it in you?
Oh, God!
Ten percent?
That's about 4,000 women.
Is that the kind of job you would love to have?
I'm honored by those rumors.
Are you in discussions for the job?
Well, I mean, you know -- I've, like in, I filled in before.
Did you see me?
Yes, of course I did.
Really?
Out of the 27 reasons I want to hate you, is because you're a great dancer.
What do you think as a former contestant and someone in the world of entertainment?
I, too, had the opportunity to interview him and talk to him and found him to be a really nice guy and very down to earth.
What would your message be to those people?
Well, just in general, again, that hate is not good and you should sort of take the time to sort of get educated on the topic, the person, what he's been through, and you took a giant leap forward to commit to doing something like "Dancing with the Stars" -- knowing that he is a smart guy, knowing all that would come with it.
How are you, Piers?
Good, thank you.
What will make sense?
Hopefully, life will make sense one day.
Do you have any confidence of that?
I do believe that some things will happen.
What was your take looking back on it?
Originally I laughed at it.
Did they not really understand the culture that you were talking about?
Yes.
What did he say about it all?
I mean, he just thanked me for attending and I thanked him for inviting me.
But anyway, what did you make of it?
I definitely knew that he would definitely then do -- they didn't do the research on Common.
What's your view on how he's performing?
I tend to differed with believing that he didn't fulfill the hope.
What is the one thing you think that really needs to be fixed that hasn't been fixed?
I believe that if we can instill in them self-love -- because obviously if we give a child some hope through education and through fulfilling their dreams, then they will like keep their eyes on the prize.
But is it as simple as that?
I definitely believe that builds a great foundation.
What do you say to those people who just see a gang as the only place to find anyone that cares about them?
Well, yeah, I would say to anyone who feels that through a gang is where they can find love -- you have to look at the results of people who join gangs.
If I told you could only do one thing the rest of your life, you could write poetry, you could write make or you could make films, which one would you take?
Making films.
But how do you deal with all that, all the attention you get?
I try to put things in perspective.
I mean, without wishing to intrude at all, Common, you weren't responsible for Serena Williams' temper tantrum the other day on the court, right?
No.
Just don't play her at tennis, right?
I wouldn't have a chance.
Christina, how are you?
I'm well.
Do you wake up every day looking in the mirror thinking, you're the sexiest woman alive?
No, sir.
I think ugh, what do I have to do today?
ORGAN: I loved that "Esquire" interview, because it had so many lovely nuggets in it.
Is he as ridiculously romantic as he seems?
He is.
How does he deal with the fact that there are million and millions, if not billions of men around the world now who are coveting his wife?
That's very sweet of you to say.
Does it annoy you?
People have been very positive and complimentary, which is really nice.
There's a kind of slight dilemma there, isn't it?
Yes.
Do you think we are in a much better place now?
Yes.
Or do you think that kind of overt, male dominated regime still exists?
I think that we are in a much better place now.
What?
Jack.
Thinking of you?
I don't know.
What is this all about?
This movie is based on Allison Pearson's (ph) book "I Don't Know How She Does It."
What's your conclusion?
Um, I -- my conclusion after talking to so many women who have seen the film is that everyone's take is different.
You must be tempted to see a little patter of mini- Hendricks' feet, aren't you?
Not right now I'm not.
Does that concern you?
I really look at working mothers, all mothers, to be honest, in awe.
If he saw you take the money, and he saw you get in the car, then why didn't he say anything?
I have no idea.
How are you feeling about that, lucky?
I don't know.
And thank Donald Draper for all his terrible behavior?
I love your optimism right now.
It has to be just straight, right?
That's right.
Also, is this any way to start a class war?
I reject the idea that asking a hedge fund manager to pay the same tax rate as a plumber or a teacher is class warfare.
How does the White House counter that argument?
Well, I just don't think there's anything to that.
What's plan B?
Well, I just want to -- I want to remind you that the public overwhelmingly thinks a long-term deficit reduction plan should have a combination of spending restraint with asking the most well-off and largest companies to pay a bit more --
So I repeat, what are you going to do if, as seems likely, the Republicans say sorry, no?
Well, I would remind that you the speaker of the House did for a period of several weeks negotiate with this president and did express a willingness to have $800 billion in additional revenues as part of a package.
What is the White House reaction to that?
Let me tell you what my reaction is.
Do you think he's up and running now for the forthcoming election battle?
You know if you're someone like me meeting with him every day, you don't feel like he's ever lost it.
Why can he not replicate that on to a wider economic stage in America and what should he be doing?
It's exactly what we should be doing across America is to have an active, strategic government that is intervening in the economy, not a big government, but to help create jobs in America.
How do you keep those kind of jobs or get advanced manufacturing jobs in America?
Well, I agree with that.
To take that manufacturing?
This is a really important question because companies are not going to be loyal to a particular country.
Because they'll be standing in the meantime, right?
Our passivity is their opportunity.
Are you encouraged by President Obama's demeanor today?
Yes, I am.
-- and pathetic, and rolling over to these Republicans?
Taking off the gloves.
Is he now doing this?
It's totally great.
Can he challenge the convention of modern Washington politics?
The way you do it, one, is you take it to their district.
I mean how is he going to pull this back for the election next year?
Well, you know, election is always about a choice.
How did you turn things around?
Because it was all about a choice.
Who would you least like to face?
I think that he has a good case -- well, I mean, for example, Governor Perry, I think he'll have a tough time, for example, in, you know, the northeast, in the upper Midwest.
What if unemployment figures, despite everything the president's currently trying to do, actually go up between now and next November?
And I think he's got an argument against the Republicans.
Do you see that?
Well --
If ever a possible scenario?
You heard what she said.
What are you pulling out?
ORGAN: It's when Arnold Schwarzenegger was caught with his trousers down with the nanny.
Are you basically implying that only female governors can keep their pants on?
I'm just saying that the temptations for female governors are probably just not as great as they are for men.
You never got any good offers?
No.
Really?
We don't have -- I don't have any staffers coming and putting notes in my pocket.
You never get -- in the whole time you were governor, you never got a single inappropriate approach?
You know what the deal is, is that women in power are much less attractive to men, I think, than men in power are attractive to women.
Do you think so?
Yes.
Is it because you're more terrifying?
I just -- I don't think that -- I think that male power and sex go together but women power, it's -- it's just not -- it doesn't have the same ring.
Do you think Obama's going to win?
Yes, I do.
ORGAN: Do you have any doubts?
No, I really don't
Are you taken aback by the reaction to your tome?
Well, the book doesn't publish until tomorrow.
Do you like Sarah Palin?
You know, I've never met the woman.
You would say that, wouldn't you?
Of course, really -- he cannot -- I mean, Todd seriously can't believe that I have an obsession with his wife.
You never had a sneaky look?
CGINNISS: I never had any kind of a look.
Why did you want to be next to them?
The house was given to me.
You were looking at a lake?
I looked at the house above the fence, if I'm facing in that direction, but I had no interest in what was going on the other side.
Would it have carried more weight?
The Palins have intimidated so many people for so long in the Wasilla area that it's very hard to find people willing to talk about them even in inconsequential ways on the record.
Were you threatened?
Last summer, I was threatened over and over and over again.
Who by?
By people who got my e-mail address from a right wing radio talk show host.
Anybody connected to the Palins?
Nobody directly.
Any death threats?
Yes, many death threats.
Against you?
Yes.
It's a bit weird, isn't it?
I think it's pretty wonderful.
Do you think she had the affair?
I have no idea except what I read it in "the National Enquirer" and --
But as a prestigious journalist -- let me ask you, as a prestigious journalist, do you just willy-nilly repeat "National Enquirer" scoops even if you can't substantiate them?
No, but I substantiated this.
So it is true?
I substantiated it by talking to many, many people.
So it is true?
Yes, it is true.
Is that the same as being a sex cheat?
That's your terminology.
Is it or not?
She made a mistake.
Did you say that in the book?
No, I didn't.
You wrote the book?
I'm not asking anyone to draw any particular inference.
Let me ask you then, in simple language that you feel comfortable, what was the inference you were trying to make us draw from that anecdote?
I wasn't trying to make anyone draw any inference.
Do you think she's going to run as president?
No, I don't.
You still hope she does for book sales, right?
At this point, I'm not sure it matters.
Have you been able to get your head around what happened, to understand why it happened?
Not fully.
Would you normally have been in your office that day?
Yes, because it was a working day.
Would you have been hurt, do you know?
I don't think so, because I was in the -- my office is in the 16th and the 17th floor.
Where did you hear about that and what was your reaction?
I was phoned by some of the people that escaped the island.
Did you know any of the people who died?
Yes, I know several of the people who died.
How do you answer that?
The main answer is that we are going to go through everything that happened, the response of the police, the health system, everything.
Was there a failure, do you think, on the intelligence side, to not pick up on somebody like him earlier?
Again, I think it will be wrong to jump to conclusions.
What are your feelings toward the man that did this?
Actually, I don't have so much feelings about him at all.
What is your reaction to that as a world leader?
As prime minister of Norway, I fully understand him, because compared to, for instance, Norway, rich people pay much less taxes in the U.S. than in Norway.
What is the comparative taxation?
In Norway, the average tax on people earning more than one million will be around 50 percent or something.
So significantly higher?
Yeah.
What's your overview?
I'm concerned.
How would you feel if one of them became president?
I believe that it's dangerous to say that all those scientists are telling us that this is dangerous were wrong.
What is your take on what is happening?
It's not easy.
Doesn't there eventually have to be a cutoff point here?
You know, just 11 years ago I was prime minister of Israel and together with President Clinton we put a far reaching kind of a proposal on the -- on the table.
Do you agree with what Rick Perry said?
I don't understand exactly what he meant, in what context he's --
Is he a friend of Israel?
You know, I think, first of all, he's president of America.
Is it inflammatory?
I think that I do not pretend to enter into the American political debate.
If he comes out with these kind of statement, isn't that dangerous?
That's up to -- that's up to the American people.
I mean the moment the Palestinians are circumnavigating you to the United Nations, is it not the time, as many people are crying out for, for you and Prime Minister Netanyahu to get together and say, we're going to make this happen, we're going to do a deal, we're going to take more pain in negotiation than we would wish to because the bigger picture is more important?
I believe Prime Minister Netanyahu genuinely believes in the need to move forward and ready to take the risks to pay the painful price.
What is the risk that you're talking about?
It's -- you know, Israel, we -- for example, we pulled out under my order as a prime minister from Lebanon.
What is it like to be the Israeli defense minister in the middle of all this?
It's clear we have to rely upon ourselves, that it's a tough neighborhood.
-- with a whole lot of Irans?
Let me tell you -- I feel the pain for Mubarak.
Like I said, do you worry that you may end up with a series of mini-Irans coming out of this Arab Spring where you have the Islamists basically controlling these countries in a way they never have before?
First of all, we are worried, but a person cannot choose his parents, and a nation cannot choose its neighbors.
This is the time to do this deal, isn't it?
It was the time 10 years and 20 years.
Do you feel after all these decades you dealt with Palestinian leadership, that the current leadership, even if they don't have complete control over all the elements with the Palestinians, do you feel there is more chance now of doing a deal with the people at the head, Palestinian leadership, than you've had in your lifetime?
See, only time will tell.
Does your gut instinct tell you that?
Still have to be proven.
Am I right?
Yes, yes, it is the biggest moment of my career.
Yes, I mean, someone supremely self-confident like you, how nervous are you?
Well, if you remember, when you and I first started working together on "Britain's Got Talent," God only knows how that happened.
And from what you've edited so far, how confident are you that it's going to be a big hit?
Well, it's like comparing you and I. We're both guys, we're both British, but there's a massive difference between how people respond to you and people respond to me.
Is there any truth to the ghastly rumor that you're quite nice in this series or not?
Well, at times.
From what you've seen now -- you've gone through the auditions -- how good is the talent on U.S. "X Factor"?
It's crazily good.
And how would you deal with it?
Well, you don't go into anything contemplating failure, because if you did, you wouldn't make it.
Could you take down "Idol," do you think, in season one?
It's impossible to predict.
Would you like to?
Of course.
Did you watch many of the "Idol" shows?
No.
Did you find it odd, the whole concept of an "Idol" without you?
Yeah.
Mr. Mean is still there, isn't he, alive and kicking?
He's there.
To those who've lost their jobs in all this, who are really suffering out there, what do you say to them?
Well, you know, I had to sort myself out.
What are you talking about?
But you shouldn't an opinion.
Why not?
Because we don't live here.
As a leader, how do you think he's doing?
As a leader, I think he's a decent guy, I really do.
You're not on Twitter, are you?
I can't do it, but I watch it.
You're not worried about not getting as many followers as me?
You're fanatical about big lights and listened to.
How impossible has she been to work with?
I don't mind you exchanging barbs.
How am I impossible?
In a nice way.
Have you ever met a bigger ego than Simon?
No, absolutely not.
It must for the nerves alone make things ten times more tense?
You know, I started out in a show like this, where I entered the audition, went through the whole process, and went to the city and drove there.
Why are you so awkward watching it?
I don't like watching myself on TV.
What?
It's much easier to perform.
Not everybody is like you, Simon, OK?
I have heard it all.
Can we talk about Paula Abdul, because obviously, you know, an old -- what does it feel like you, Nicole, to be coming in between the most famous talent show judging desk pairing in history?
Growing up, I loved Paula, like I was kind of obsessed with Paula.
Really?
Everything.
Like what?
Well, let me show you.
Do your family slightly go, Nicole, what are you up to?
That's the thing, is like my -- my papa is a priest.
Your dad loved that video?
My grandfather.
Really?
They love it.
And the crushing answer is no, you're not, are you?
I have a boyfriend.
Really?
-- I have ever experienced.
When you first met his, was it love at first hand bite?
No.
I don't -- that would be weird, right?
I don't know.
You know Louis, right?
Yes, he's a great guy, very cool, brilliant driver, but a cool guy.
Is that what you need in your life?
He is very humble.
Does he quite qualify for toy boy status or not?
No, absolutely not.
What?
This is not that kind of show, not the kind of show that you do.
Are you excited by this?
I'm really excited.
You got a little crush, don't you ?
A little bit, yeah.
And with the eyes of the world on the U.N. tonight, are Israel and the Palestinians getting closer to a deal?
Peace cannot be imposed on the parties.
And how two presidents and a top fashion designer are working to rebuild a devastated nation?
What I'm saying is, to employee the people.
What is your feeling about what may be going on?
Well, there's a tremendous show of force here.
But tell me this from a legal point of view, when you studied everything to do with this case, what's your feeling about the original conviction of Troy Davis?
It's a problematic case.
What is the latest that's going on?
Indeed it is a very difficult time.
Do you believe that he's 100 percent innocent or do you simply believe there is enough doubt about the evidence that led to his conviction that should prevent an execution taking place?
Well, I think that both would be grounds for halting an execution.
And I mean, do you know in terms of the practicalities of his evening, had he had his last meal and was he prepared for execution?
I do know that on the last time he received an execution warrant, he refused his last meal.
Can I ask you, do you believe the death penalty is ever acceptable under any circumstances?
Well, as a Christian, as a man of faith, and because I believe of what -- because I believe in the best of America I am opposed to the death penalty.
What's their mood been like?
Well, of course they were completely overjoyed by the perspective that finally this was all over.
Have they had to have any kind of medical treatment so far?
Yes, they seemed -- they seemed well.
Is that correct?
Well, these are the kind of things that I don't really want to speak upon the -- you know, the details of the release.
Do they -- do they understand that they may have done that even if it was inadvertent?
Well, you'll probably have to ask them yourself.
How important was it to the two young men that their families were so determined to get them back and obviously tried everything they could to do that?
This was a very, very important for them.
What is your understanding of how the meeting went with Mahmoud Abbas and the president?
Well, the President Abbas met with President Obama this evening and they exchanged views about the Palestinian decision to go to the United Nations to seek full membership at the international organization.
What do you really hope to achieve this week if you can?
Well, actually what we are trying to achieve, we're trying to send a clear message to the international community that the current status quo that exist on the ground in the occupied Palestinian territories cannot continue.
How can you deliver a peace process if you don't have Hamas with you?
Well, I think this is an issue that has been brought over and over again by Israel unfortunately to be used as a pretext not to move forward.
Do you sense that there's enough international world led by Barack Obama to get this done?
Well, I think if you are talking about from now until Friday that the Palestinian decision is very clear.
Could you do that?
Well, we have indicated that the day after we become a member of the United Nations, we will engage the Israelis in negotiations in order to resolve all the outstanding issues.
How are you going to keep the republic?
I hope we're going to do it by, first of all, placing the future ahead of the present which is to say matching long-term means with ends.
How do you respond to that?
Well, I think it's a little overstated.
A trillion dollars on wars?
Well, it didn't sound as big as it used to now that we're running $1.4 trillion every year.
Some of the answers?
I take the responsibility for often what I think are the best answers.
And where would you put it?
Statistically if you were to repeal the tax cuts you'd solve less than 10 percent of the problem we have today.
You wouldn't honestly look me in the eye and say that only 10 percent of the financial problems America has today are down to the Republicans, would you?
Well, that's a different question.
What is your message to them as they continue to tear into Obama and make it all very partisan?
Yes, well, I have found in -- we have found in our state -- and I had to learn this the hard way, honestly -- that if you're interested in results, then you must always strive to bring people together.
But do you personally believe in the death penalty?
I believe there are circumstances in which it is warranted.
If there can ever be doubt, why have it?
This is certainly what juries appear to be doing.
Any truth in this theory?
I'm not flirting with anything.
Do you have absolutely zero intention of ever being vice president?
Yeah I have zero intention and zero expectation.
If somebody asked you to be, would you say no?
Well, I think that's something that a person ought not say.
Would you say no if one of them asked you?
I can't tell you the answer to that.
When you see what's happening in Haiti and the problems they've had, obviously caused by a very different natural disaster in their case, what advice would you give them about how you rebuild a country that's been through devastation?
Well, the first advice I would give the people of Haiti and the leadership in Haiti is not to despair and fear that they can't overcome the kinds of problems, however insurmountable they may seem.
How important was the direct help from the United Nations?
That is helpful at the beginning mainly, when there is this kind of situation of emergency, where all kinds of help is needed.
And how much more should the international community now be doing that perhaps they stopped doing?
First of all, I must tell you we were really caught by surprise, for not having the culture of dealing with earthquake, first, and secondly, way before the earthquake, we had no infrastructure.
How much of that has been either wasted or, you know, lost through corruption or all the things that tend to happen in such a situation?
Well, that's exactly the point.
From what you've seen in Haiti, what is the imperative now?
If I could mention the imperative, what's always right in front of you.
Really?
These are horn bracelets.
How are they responding to this kind of thing?
You know, it's not as easy as I thought.
What do you think?
First of all, the Rwanda model is a model that we are following very closely.
But is that necessarily a racist thing?
It is a racist thing.
What's going on here?
Well, I think insecurities are feeding up on each other and although there's a sense that the problem is maybe fixable in economic sense but they may not be so fixable in a political sense.
Is that the sense you're getting?
Yes.
What do you make of him?
You know, I have -- I have a fairly different take.
He says the door isn't shut now on getting back on terms diplomatically with the U.S. Do you think that's a possibility?
I don't know.
How have you managed to break down these barriers?
Well, I guess two things.
And, you know, he employees other female staff now, he wants to get you driving a car in Saudi Arabia, which at the moment, women can't do, right?
Yes.
Do you think the barriers are coming down fast enough?
Well, I really hope they do.
In Saudi Arabia?
No.
Have you had lessons?
Everywhere I go.
You drive every where else?
Everywhere I go.
The only place you can't drive a car is in your country?
In the desert I can.
What are the things that really frustrate you about Saudi Arabia now that you'd love to change quickly as a young woman there?
I wouldn't say frustrated.
Can you appear like this on television in Saudi Arabia or would you have to be covered up?
That's a tough question.
Are you impatient for that?
I think the whole region is impatient.
Is there a higher level of respect now?
I think this generation is different than any other generation other than the fact that they're globalized and interconnected.
My husband?
Yes.
How did you find Bill Clinton?
L-TAWEEL: Incredible.
President Obama?
Yes.
Do you think he's a force for good for women's rights in the world?
Sure.
What would you like to say?
I was with him the whole time.
Has it been upsetting to you as his wife?
Yes.
Is that right?
That is true.
You know that?
Well --
Do you feel like, OK, it's worth it?
Well, I always -- honestly, I always feel like it's worth it.
I think evil might be a little bit of strong word, you know?
ORGAN: My initial thinking really.
Are you a good girl in real life?
I'm a real mix.
I heard after the Emmy triumph on Sunday, you had a rather late night, Julianna?
We had a late night and I did.
So what does it mean to be a good wife?
That's a very good question.
Did you actually strike the poor man?
I did.
Would you stand by your man?
I really think it would depend on the situation.
What were the memories you had of them splitting up and your life that you came I think to the United States with your mother and -- how much do you see of your father?
Well, actually when I was -- when we're very little -- my parents split when I was 1.
Where did you go?
(INAUDIBLE), darling.
What?
Yeah.
You didn't?
I did.
You didn't ever go to that nightclub in East Greenster (ph), did you?
No.
What does that mean exactly?
I think people are going to find out soon enough on Sunday night on CBS.
Allegations?
That's what I'm hearing.
Not a glimmer?
I just don't think so.
It's brilliantly written show, isn't it, with great characters?
Absolutely brilliantly written.
Why don't you like the whole social network thing?
It's not that I don't like it.
He took everybody down with it, didn't he?
I enjoyed it as well.
Isn't there a drunk Tweeting danger?
I think there's even worse dangers than that.
Never follow an ex girlfriend would be definitely top of the list, I think, don't you?
Absolutely.
Are you as pathetically unlucky in love in real life as you are on-screen?
Actually, no.
What's wrong with him?
I know, exactly.
Real life, things are a lot happier?
Things are much better for me than Will Gardner, as far as his emotional life.
Is she comfortable with these steamy love scenes that you're about to unfurl on the nation?
My girlfriend, Sophie, is not only comfortable with it.
Your husband, you banned from watching?
No.
What do you think?
I think you're holding something against her.
I'm what?
Alicia.
You, unless I'm wrong, were once quoted as saying "I don't believe monogamy is feasible" and I've been married to a woman and to a man?
Not at the same time, though.
There's a glittering example sitting right next to you?
As man, I didn't feel my gender is particularly attuned to be monogamous.
Really?
Yes.
Like what?
Like betraying them in friendship or betraying their trust.
Christine?
I think a big factor is when you have children and you're raising a family, staying together, I think the greatest gift Matthew and I gave our kids was staying together and working things out.
Do you understand how her character then would stand by her man?
Yes.
He hasn't got any TV show?
I think that must be awful.
Do you think he's inherently an evil person?
No, not at all.
Wouldn't he, in the end, do anything for political gain?
Yes.
Does he have a moral compass, though?
Yes.
What would you like to know, Piers?
I don't know.
Did you really?
After you lost --
Are you sure now you're on the right side of the fence?
Yes, I am.
What do you think of all these politicians, talking of politics, who on the Tea Party side of the Republicans, are coming out and saying same-sex marriage is disgusting and can't happen?
Well, I think if -- I think, you know, there's such -- America's this country full of such hatred in terms of politics.
Well, they have to come out of the hotel room, right?
Exactly.
Have you ever done that?
He is not going to waste that kind of money is my sense, not his character.
Have you all seen the first episode?
No
Do you all get together for a "Good Wife" party?
See it Sunday.
Is that what they call her -- female president?
Yes, absolutely.
What happened?
That's what happened to me, too.
Were you disappointed as I was?
I'm devastated.
ORGAN: Is that how you felt?
Absolutely, yes.
What'd you rob?
Hmm, well, let's see.
I mean, in Hollywood, people come back to life, don't they?
Oh, yes.
Was it all that it's cracked up to be, being in bed with a naked Brad Pitt?
Well -- first of all, who cracked it up to be -- well, anyway.
Why do you feel so exercised about this?
Well, from the reaction that women had to "Thelma & Louise," it was an incredible lesson in the power of media images.
What kind of thing?
Well -- so, I have an institute that's now -- a research- based institute.
Is that right?
Yes.
Is that what you mean?
The first female president.
It's more likely to be one of these tea party candidates because they're the only ones who are currently showing their faces in this particular race?
Well, in this race.
It does, doesn't it?
You know...
Is it giving you a little bit of the taste?
You know, I liked it very much.
That's an advantage, isn't it?
I'm not sure that's everyone's reaction.
Where could Hollywood still improve, do you think?
Well, in exactly what I was talking about in reference to kids' movies is have more female characters and have them do more interesting things.
We're in this together, right?
Yes, yes.
You're not going to say no, are you?
No.
You're available?
I am.
You can start Monday?
I'm ready.
Is that right?
That is true.
Are you a good girl in real life?
I'm a real mix.
I heard after the Emmy triumph on Sunday, you had a rather late night, Julianna?
We had a late night.
So, what does it mean to be a good wife?
That's a very good question And they do ask that often and I think it's different for every person.
Did you actually strike the poor man?
I did.
Would you stand by your man?
I really think it would depend on the situation.
What were the memories you had of them splitting up in your life, that you came to the United States with your mother, and how much do you see of your father?
Well, actually, when I was -- when we're very little, my parents split when I was 1 and it was a very amicable split for the most part.
Where did you go?
In East Greenstone (ph), darling.
What?
Yes.
You didn't?
I did.
You didn't go to the nightclub at East Greenstone, did you?
No, I left when I was 13.
What -- what does that mean exactly?
Well, I think people are going to find out soon enough Sunday night on CBS.
Allegations?
No, David Letterman was obsessed with asking what we would see in the first episode and he kept saying, "Your butt, are we going to see your butt?"
No butt at all?
I don't think so.
You're a Baltimore Ravens fanatic, right?
Yes, I am.
Did you see (INAUDIBLE) last night?
...I did...
I mean, he took everybody down with it, didn't he?
I -- I enjoyed it as well.
Isn't there a drunk Tweeting danger?
Oh my goodness, I think there's even worse dangers than that.
...would be definitely top of the list, I think, don't you?
Oh, absolutely.
I mean, are you as pathetically unlucky in love in real life as you are on screen?
Actually, no.
Are you?
A beautiful girlfriend.
It's like, what's wrong with this guy?
What's wrong with him, I know.
But in real life, things are a lot happier?
Things are much better for me than Will Gardner, as far as his emotional life, yes.
And is he comfortable with these steamy love scenes that they're about to unfurl on the nation?
I, you know, my girlfriend Sophie is not only comfortable with it, she wants to see it.
And your husband, you've banned from watching?
No, I've -- I said to him, I said, I think the first episode, honey, might be steamier than I thought and he said, "Good, I'll send Sophie flowers."
I'm what?
Alicia.
Why is monogamy not feasible?
Well, as a man...
Arsenal -- Arsenal is playing on Saturday, you said, right?
I don't think it ...you know, our show is based on -- on a lack of monogamy.
Do you, like what?
Like betraying them as -- as -- in friendship or betraying their trust and if we -- if we -- we are so conditioned...
Isn't cheating on them betraying their trust?
Yes, but -- but if you were to think about it this way that, you know, (a) it's a physical thing, it's a desire that we have and we can't, you know, we can -- if you are kind with it then maybe it's going to be OK.
Christine?
I think a big -- big factor is when you have children and you're raising a family, staying together.
Do you understand (INAUDIBLE) character?
It feels good because it makes your children happy.
Do you understand why her character, then, would stand by her man?
ARANSKI: Yes, in fact, you asked Julianna about the women who stand by their men instead of deserting them and I think a big factor, for instance, Silda, she had two daughters, two daughters of an age to really know what was going on.
Do you think he's inherently an evil person?
No, not at all.
Wouldn't he, in the end, do anything for political gain?
Yes, but he's still got -- he's still got chink in his armor.
Does he have a moral compass, though?
Yes, it's just kind of slanted a little further.
Really?
And -- and you get to see a whole different side of him which is really exciting.
Do you (INAUDIBLE), you have got an ex- wife?
In real life.
Yes, and in real life you've also recently gone through a civil partnership?
I have a husband.
What would you like to know, Piers?
I don't know, whatever you think I should know.
Yes, after -- after you lost, right?
OMFG.
Are you sure now that you're on the right side of the fence?
Yes, I am.
You actually went and saw Magnus at his home, didn't you?
Yes.
But he's a remarkable man, isn't he?
A remarkable man and a beautiful soul.
How about those Bills?
I don't even know what you're talking about.
Well, they have to come out of the hotel room, right?
Exactly.
When do you realize they're at it?
There's a lot of suspicion.
So, are you confirming, unequivocally, that sex took place?
She's got a new hairdo.
ARANSKI: Yes, I mean, I think any adult who goes to a hotel where it's $7,800 for the night, I mean, you're not going to sit there for $7,800 and just hold hands?
He's not going to waste that kind of money is my sense, not his character.
Have you all seen the first episode?
No.
Does that sum up Michael Moore?
Well, I'm a citizen of this country.
FOX, right?
Yes.
What do you think?
People are always cynical at first whenever there's a movement for -- or a protest that's starting.
What kind of people are they?
Not New Yorkers.
Are they -- what are they?
Well, there's no -- I didn't meet any ex-bankers.
I mean this is the wrong way for the American dream to work, isn't it?
That's correct.
What did you think of that protest?
I don't think it was a -- I don't know if it was a protest.
There has to be -- there has to be a control over this, doesn't it?
No -- no.
Where is your line drawn in active protesting?
Well --
You wouldn't endorse looting, would you?
No, no, of course not.
When you saw Obama's jobs plan come out, do you have any confidence it's gong to work?
Yes.
Has he failed in not doing this before?
Yes.
Who are the bad guys, do you think?
Right.
And we don't, right?
But tell me this --
And he's not going to come on and sit here and talk to you, right?
No, we've asked him.
Is it really?
You've got a company.
Well -- isn't it in its purest sense?
Well, Piers, there's nothing pure about capitalism.
What is it?
First of all, I do well.
Is there a good form of capitalism?
Well --
Has it simply been corrupted?
It's like saying -- you know, when you say the word capitalism, you have to talk about it in its current sense.
Where did it go wrong?
It went wrong because people -- first of all, we started rewarding people not for making things or inventing things.
Do you concede to either?
The first part of that -- I plead guilty to the dangerous part maybe.
Do you have any views that you think are genuinely surprising to people who just think you are a predictable knee-jerk liberal?
I could tell you things that I agree with conservatives on.
I mean do you have a blanket distrust and hatred of all things Tea Party or can you recognize that some things they say are completely reasonable and that's why they gather support?
At the very beginning there might have been some people who were trying to join the Tea Party to say some reasonable things because they were upset at Wall Street and what was happening, but these days, no, the Tea Party is a wing of the Republican Party thinking, it's funded by billionaires.
Do you think CNN would do that?
ORGAN: Well, I don't know but --
Well, how about a CNN/Teachers union debate?
I would have a debate with you tomorrow.
Why has he pissed it away?
I don't -- I don't know.
Who -- to you who was the least worrying Republican candidate?
Well, there's only one.
Why isn't he getting the traction?
Yes.
Have you struggled to sleep at night with the idea that any one of those might have been innocent?
No, sir, I've never struggled with that at all.
Getting applause for defending Texas' record on capital punishment, which is -- you know, is it something worth applauding in the modern age, Michael?
Well, no.
Do you think Americans know how few other countries actually have the death penalty?
No, I don't think they do.
Why don't you think they do?
OORE: And I don't think they know where we stand in terms of how many people we execute.
-- that to me is the end of the debate, isn't it?
It should absolutely be the end of the debate.
How do you change that thinking?
That's a good question.
What would you have done?
I would have done exactly what Obama did and use our special forces, who are some of our smartest and best trained soldiers, to begin the effort to track down Osama bin Laden and his lieutenants and bring them to justice.
Would you be willing to come up with us and see what the situation is like in Flint for people?
I've been to Flint.
Could you come up to Flint with us?
I cannot come up to Flint, I'm sorry.
Where did it come from?
I don't know.
Pretty well?
I would say vindicated, but I'm expecting that some people wouldn't agree, but I do.
Do you have moments of, I don't want to do this any more?
Yes.
Did you think you were going to die?
No, no.
You could kill me with a piece of dental floss?
Right now, I could -- this show would suddenly belong to Nancy Grace.
Where are they?
Janet Jackson bares a breast and CBS is fined God knows how much money and yet he can say that over the air and encourage the unhinged to harm me like that, and nothing happens.
I just thought how can a guy who hosts a show call for literally want to kill somebody like you for expressing a political opinion?
Yeah, yeah.
What happened?
I begged my parents to go to the seminary.
He wasn't wrong, was he?
He was kicking me out.
Is that true?
Well, of course, you could be -- you could be in favor of that way or in favor of men.
Did you genuinely sit there one day and think, I either never have sex again or I have to stop my plan to be a priest?
No, I think I sort of -- puberty kicked in a little late on me, but it kicked in there.
Do you have groupies?
No, I don't have groupies.
You have the love of a good woman?
Yes, yes.
True love?
Yeah.
What has been the greatest moment of your life?
Wow!
You mean if I could do it again?
Yes.
How long was that drive?
Seven hundred fifty miles.
Why?
I drove 900 miles to Quebec City to see Bob Dylan and Joan Baez in concert because that was the closest place they were playing to Michigan on that tour.
Do you accept you're slightly mad in that case?
Yes, yes.
Go see David Letterman, 750 miles?
Completely crackers.
Who caused the death of Michael Jackson?
Dr. Murray's repeated incompetent and unskilled acts that led to Mr. Jackson's death.
Because you can argue it's either way, can't you, on this?
Well, absolutely.
Who had the better day, do you think?
Well, you know, it's tough to say.
Is that really the crux of this court case?
Yes, the defense is a little bit multilayered in that they're saying that Jackson had a horrible insomnia problem and he used Propofol to get over it and Murray when he came on board understood this and used this as well with the anticipation of weaning him off of it.
What was your reaction to those two things?
I saw that this morning, and when I heard the tape, I could not believe what I was hearing.
I mean, if that doesn't show you, don't you think that was enough?
ORGAN: Yes, I mean, what does it show you, though, given that it was taken -- the recording was made in May before he died, two months or so before he died.
What does that tell you?
That's what I was wondering, A, why, Michael would never let anyone tape him.
Did you find it suspicious?
I thought it was very suspicious.
Did you see Conrad Murray at all that day?
I saw him standing outside of the room where Mrs. Jackson and the family and the cousins were, and the children, just crying and not understanding what was going on.
What do you think the family believe really happened?
To tell you the truth, I think that they have all been in such pain.
And I believe that he really trusted that this doctor would be there to be helpful and on call and -- I say that again?
No, listen, Kathy, I know this is a very difficult thing to discuss and I do appreciate you coming on today.
I'm curious, is it actually lawful for any doctor to administer Propofol in a private home in this manner?
You know, it's interesting, Piers, because the law's a little bit vague on this.
From a medical standpoint, as a doctor, do you find that suspicious or do you think that someone who has just seen Michael Jackson die in his care has just freaked out a bit and maybe just wasn't thinking straight?
No, I think it's suspicious.
Does any of that sound credible to you?
Well, you know, at first -- I mean I'll preface by saying the whole thing is so bizarre.
What was your initial assessment of the behavioral pattern today?
Well, I think that it's going to be very important that the audience knows, Piers, that seven of these jurors actually have drug or alcohol abuse in their immediate families.
How much does that come into play in a case like this, do you think?
It's a tremendously important component for the prosecutors because prosecutors around the country are always worried that they have to step up to the plate and create situations such as "CSI" does.
How did he do today, do you think, in laying out his case?
David did an excellent job in his opening statement.
What was your feeling as the day unraveled?
You know, I had the same feeling as the counsel that just spoke earlier.
Is that going to be a major problem for him?
I absolutely think that he made up ground today.
How significant is this debate over his health before he died, do you think, going to be?
I think it's very significant.
Is that a credible position for them to take, do you think?
It's not.
Is it fair to just label him as somebody who has been negligent and simply just allowed Michael Jackson to take far too many drugs and die?
I don't think it's fair.
Is there a reasonable doubt as to that or not?
Gentlemen, thank you all very much.
Why is it so important to you?
It's important to me because I think there's an injustice being done.
What kind of things?
They didn't sequester the jury.
So you watched him save your life, effectively?
I did.
For people who don't know Conrad Murray, what is the misunderstanding about the kind of man he is?
The misunderstanding about Conrad is his compassion and his love for people.
And particularly, what were you thinking when you heard that Conrad was there at the time and had been the doctor that night in the house?
I was at home.
What's your view?
He's the most compassionate man that I've ever met.
Do you think he saved your life?
Absolutely.
How did Conrad find himself in this position?
I spoke with him before he went to work with Michael.
Is that a picture you could recognize?
No.
Is it possible that he was negligent, do you think?
Let me share something with you and I'd like to elaborate on that a little bit.
How do you plead?
Your honor, I'm an innocent man.
As somebody that knows the man well and believes he saved your life, how do you feel about the way his reputation has been put through the mincer like this?
Basically, Piers, the reason I'm here is to let people know he is not the animal that they are portraying him to be.
So when people say that he is greedy and was only working for Michael Jackson for money and fame and so on, what do you think of that?
That's ridiculous.
Would you go along with that?
Yeah, absolutely.
Money was not his motivating factor?
No.
He has never -- or in the last five years, charged me for any office calls, any examinations, nothing, you know?
That's why he was broke.
Is Conrad Murray the kind of man that in that situation, when he probably needed the money, and probably enjoyed the attachment to Michael Jackson -- could you have imagined him bowing to that kind of pressure?
I don't think so.
Ruby, if required, will you give evidence on his behalf in court?
Certainly.
In your case, Ruby, what did he do for you?
OK, in my case, let me tell you, I was having problems with my heart and didn't even know it.
In your view, his quick thinking saved your life?
No, his quick thinking and proactiveness.
Could he have had his judgment impaired, do you think, by that dynamic?
Anything's possible, but I doubt it very seriously.
What do you think is the right verdict here?
Piers, if I knew all of the -- all of the fundamentals of this case, I might be able to answer that.
Your belief, like all of you, is that there's no way he would have done anything to have deliberately imperiled Michael Jackson's life?
Absolutely no doubt.
None of you believe that is possible, knowing Conrad Murray?
Not somebody who works the way that he works with people, and comes to your house to make sure you are all right, and works for free.
What exactly came out today?
Well, every witness, starting with the opening statements, Piers, but every witness so far that's taken the stand, except for one lawyer, the defense has gotten Klein out there and today they really struck, if you will, from their standpoint.
But the side effect of Demerol and the reason it's so significant is that it had a big impact on someone's ability to have a good sleep, right?
Absolutely.
A little intoxicated?
Yes.
Estimate for us how many times a week you would do that, take him to Dr. Klein's office?
It could fluctuate.
I mean are you still feeling as confident given that evidence today?
Well, yes, because what Jermaine Jackson -- his point was, and it's well taken, that audio recording that we heard in court was so dramatic.
Now why would he not do that?
Well, this is what the prosecution really hammered on with both of the witnesses that were in the house and out of the house during that time where there was chaos.
What are your thoughts about it all?
ARWICK: I have not taken to even watch this fiasco.
Where were you when you heard that Michael had died?
I was at home.
How could it be -- is it possible that Michael could have been a drug addict without anyone around him who cared about him really knowing?
I don't think so, no.
What is your gut feeling, Dionne, tell you has gone down here?
I don't know.
What kind of man was he?
He was wonderful.
Super confident boy?
Very precocious.
Did you know from that stage, when you watched him, did you think he was going to turn out to be this extraordinarily gifted performer?
Oh, undoubtedly.
He had a unique talent?
Unmistakably.
Did any part of Michael, his story and everything, play into your thinking for you with this?
You know, not for me it didn't.
Really?
And his growing years as a drummer and how he went on and on to play with some of the greats in our industry.
Is that the intention?
Exactly the intention.
How do you feel?
I love that man.
Do you think he's going to win?
Absolutely.
You're the most angry man in -- probably in the world, aren't you, Lewis?
I would hope so.
You want water?
No, nothing will help.
Who do you most fear becoming the Republican nominee on the basis they could then become president?
Sarah Palin.
Why?
Because -- I don't think she exists.
What do you mean not exists?
She doesn't exist.
You couldn't invent someone like Sarah Palin, could you?
Well, I mean, that's really what makes her superfiction.
Why is she able to resonate with so many Americans in a positive way?
Well, first off I don't know how many Americans.
Have you ever gotten a phone call from somebody asking you your opinion of anything?
No, but I'm British.
Isn't she a female Lewis Black?
No, no.
Why has it become so angry?
I think in part because they have listened to the Tea Party, to the point they've given a disproportion in amount of power much the way in the '60s when I was a kid in college.
Why does that make you a bad president?
Well, because they didn't sit down and talk to the Republicans and do whatever it is that the Republicans think that they wanted.
Why has the American business model gone so badly wrong so quickly?
Because we -- I think we graduate kids who don't know how to add or subtract.
Do you ever have had moments of calm, quiet happiness?
LACK: When -- there are moments like when they're going to tell me -- I know there are moments that are coming, when they say to me, "Keeping up With The Kardashians" is going off the air.
Why did you?
I thought you were dying.
Goldie, how are you?
I'm so well, thank you.
Is it really?
I swear to God.
Do gentlemen prefer blondes?
I have no idea.
Why after 9/11?
Well, 9/11 was sort of the catalyst, I guess you could say.
What are the key things from this book that you think parents need to know about children, that perhaps they haven't thought about?
I think that the one thing is they have to -- it isn't about children.
How much of that creates this kind of anxiety to young people, do you think?
Well, the brain actually has a tremendous amount to do with it.
Do they care?
No, they said don't get married, it's great.
Does it just have a bad effect on people?
I think that getting back to some of the stuff I'm doing -- and I'm not really selling this, but it really all goes into the same theme -- is really emotional intelligence.
Or are you now just this bubbly Goldie that we all assume you always are?
I wouldn't call it depression.
Have you enjoyed being out of movies for 10 years?
Very much.
It's a comedy?
Yes.
It's an HBO comedy series?
Here it is: it's a comedy but it actually -- the whole thing will be very deep and really -- but we have a lot of --
Are you excited to be getting back on the acting saddle?
Yes, I kind of am excited.
One of them is, how many times have you been properly in love in your life?
Properly is really kind of the key.
Am I right in thinking husband number two at the moment is being relegated by the hour?
I do love you.
What a cool thing, isn't it?
It's just crazy.
But that's sort of an obvious, isn't it?
No, I love that.
Can we do it for longer next time?
Yes.
And was the truth a victim, too?
They're 100 percent innocent.
She was the only person you saw?
Pretty much.
Did you have a television?
There was a television, no cable anything like that.
What was the bed like?
It's a concrete slab along the back of the wall.
A computer?
CHOLS: No.
Were you following them?
Just what I would see on, like, the major network television stations.
How often were you allowed to exercise?
As often as you do it yourself in your cell.
When did you see daylight?
Never.
In 10 years?
For almost 10 years, yes.
I mean, this is -- for an innocent man, as many believe that you are and you've always protested this -- what are you thinking when you're stuck in there?
The only thing -- the only thing you can do and maintain your sanity is to not think about the case and not think about what's happening to you.
What effect did it have on your health?
My health -- there's almost no medical care, no dental care, and things like that in prison so my health was deteriorating very rapidly.
Yes, but that first moment you came out, what was it like to have daylight again?
It was like having a spotlight turned right in your face.
Why?
They don't give you forks in there.
How do you eat?
With your hands.
When is the first time that you hear you are going to be in trouble with this?
Almost immediately, and it wasn't just because of this.
Or were you just a bit different?
The most trouble I had ever gotten into was like running away from home as a teenager, something like that.
Ever broken the law?
No.
You were into, like, heavy metal?
Exactly.
So what happened?
Just immediately, as soon as it happened, people said a murder this horrific couldn't have just happened.
When was the moment you realized you were going to be pulled in by the police?
They showed up at my door the day after the bodies were found.
And how did that make you feel?
There's no words to even describe it.
What happened?
Well, whenever they called him in for questioning, like you said, he was mentally retarded.
How well did you know him?
Not very well.
Why did you think he was doing this?
It's hard to say.
When is the worst moment for you?
It's hard to say.
What was the evidence against you, other than the word of Jessie, who we already established had a mental age of somewhere between a 5 and 8- year-olds?
The evidence against us was our personal preferences in music.
There's no DNA evidence against you?
Well, at the time they had evidence and stuff but since it didn't match us it wasn't brought up and then --
Was there anything else other than music you listened to, books you read, clothes you wore or haircuts?
That was it.
And they would attack you?
Oh, yes.
How often?
The first few years, a lot.
Like what?
I mean I've got shattered skull, broken collarbone, teeth knocked out, multiple scars on my face and stuff from it.
I mean were you going through the same thing?
Yes, absolutely.
You write about -- what are you thinking when these letters arrive?
I think I fell in love with Lorri pretty much from the very first letter.
Why?
Because I can -- I just knew this was someone unlike anyone I had ever known in my life.
But you must have still had family, friends, and people around you, presumably, as this relationship developed, thinking, what are you doing?
Well, fortunately, for most of my life I've been a pretty grounded, responsible person so I mean I think if I had been a little more erratic in my life, then maybe -- but it was astounding because my close friends stuck by me.
How -- you know, how do you deal with that psychologically?
I never entertained the thought of it.
But if you didn't take this deal, he would have been facing the death penalty still, right?
Well, on both deals, like they came to me with plea agreements, like, when I first got arrested.
How many execution dates did you face?
I only ever had one.
And in the build-up to that, did you genuinely think that you were going to get killed?
I thought there was a good possibility, just because -- you know, we were convicted of something we didn't do with no evidence.
How many people were on Death Row with you?
It varies.
Any of them believe you may be guilty?
None of mine.
None of yours?
Well, the thing about that is I was with my family at the time the murders occurred.
Jason, why do you think Jessie was doing this?
Well --
Because if he hadn't, I don't think any of you would have gone to prison, would you?
The closest thing I can come to explain that in my mind is like the schoolyard bully who gets the kid to cry uncle under duress.
Do you blame him?
Not at all.
He's a victim as well, you think?
Exactly.
How do you deal with that psychologically?
You just have to keep moving forward.
Was it, yes?
We were terrified for his safety, you know, when we first heard of the murders.
Does a part of you understand why some of their family felt they had closure with your convictions?
CHOLS: Absolutely.
And they just can't deal with the fact that it may not be what they had been told it was?
Absolutely, I can understand it.
When you saw him described as this evil ring leader of mass murder, what were you thinking?
I knew everybody just had it wrong.
Did either of you ever have suicidal thoughts?
No.
But not after you were put in prison?
Oh, yeah.
Did you ever try to take your own life?
Yeah, I did.
How?
I took an overdose of basically sleeping pills, anti- depressants, just because it was -- like you said a while ago, there's no light at the end of the tunnel.
That moment when you walk free, how did that feel?
It's hard to describe.
Lorri, were you surprised at the strength of Damien through this?
Oh, yes.
Would you agree with that?
Oh, absolutely.
Did you see him at all during the time you were inside?
Not very often of course.
How does he deal with what's happened to his father?
I don't know.
Did you believe in it before this?
I didn't give it much thought.
You did?
I would stop it.
What are the practical realities of your life now?
I am -- I sleep very well.
Had your first beer yet?
Oh, yeah.
Quite a few I should say, right?
I think, at one point, I went to a coffee shop and they were like what kind of coffee do you want.
What's it been like for you, Damien?
I think one of the most remarkable moments that let me know that it was really finally over is we had friend who took us to see like an improv comedy routine.
And that was the fear you lived with for ten years?
Every day.
Have you managed to get work?
Not yet.
You've only been out, what, six weeks?
A month -- a month and a week.
Who decides that, the governor?
The governor.
Governor of Arkansas?
Exactly.
Is there a petition to him at the moment?
I don't think it's been put together yet, but everybody's been talking about it.
Is the case still open or was it closed?
To the prosecutors, it's closed.
Should it be reopened?
Of course.
That's when everybody -- right?
In that sense, that's what we have been working on all these years with the legal team and people who have helped us.
Did Dr. Murray ever mention to you having administered Propofol to Michael Jackson?
No, he did not.
Did Conrad Murray ever mention the word Propofol to you during the time that you were at the location or in his presence?
No, he did not.
What would he make of all this?
I haven't seen any of the trial.
I mean, notwithstanding that, do you still feel slightly damaged by the whole process of stardom for so long?
I'm more damaged -- I feel more damaged now than I ever remember feeling as a child.
Really, why?
Because I was a kid, and I also had a lot of fun, and a lot of opportunity.
Why do you feel damaged now?
Because I'm -- because in a way, I was so protected, and I was so naive, I was sort of -- I maintained a level of naivete for so long that now when I see things, the way the business is, the way the industry is, the way the world is, I'm so much more affected by it, because I can't believe -- I always say I hate people, you know, because I'm not -- I did not get hardened by it.
Is this very similar, do you think, to the way Michael Jackson probably felt?
I think -- we talked about it a little bit.
How do you feel about your own children going into any sort of fame?
I pray to God that they don't want to.
What are you doing?
Listening.
What do you make of what's happening to your country in terms of so many people now out of work, suffering financial problems?
It's devastating.
Are you a fan of President Obama?
I am.
When, in fact, you got a great brain?
Thank you.
Should it matter?
Here's the thing.
Coming up -- sorry?
Beer, next.
You want a beer?
Not now, I want one from your pub.
Horrible memories?
Incredibly warm and happy memories for me.
But you were good?
I was pretty good, yes.
You were a hot athlete in your day?
I was a good catcher.
Not true?
No.
Do you like the fact that you have this slightly intimidating reputation?
I don't like or dislike it.
Do you think America needs somebody like you who's going to be tough?
I think America needs lots of tough people.
If you were being honest, what do you think your mother would have said were your best qualities, and what would she say would be your not-so-good qualities?
I think if -- the best quality she would say is brutally honest, tough, and compassionate.
Can we hold you to that, Governor?
Yes, you can.
Is that one of those little jokes where you think, hang on, maybe I went too far there?
Well, listen, my wife didn't like the jokes.
Why wouldn't you?
Because that's not the way you make decisions like running for president of the United States.
ORGAN: Why aren't you ready?
Listen, I've been governor for --
How old are you now?
I'm 48.
You're a straight talker, right?
Yes.
Can you?
You're wrong.
Are you 100 percent certain you won't run in 2016?
There are so many variables to that, Piers.
You were always a bit of a high flyer here -- president of everything, right?
Senior class, junior class, sophomore class -- yes, all the way through.
Can you divorce being a Catholic with all that that means and all you stand for as a Catholic -- and I'm a Catholic -- from running for high office?
HRISTIE: Well, I think that you have to understand that we are not a religious democracy.
Is homosexuality a sin?
Well, my religion says it's a sin.
Can you see a situation where you would change your mind about that?
I don't think so.
Obviously in light of Weiner-gate, Schwarzenegger-gate, and so on, is there anything you want to get off your chest?
You don't look like a priest to me, Piers.
Well, should we be ever worried about any skeletons tumbling out of the Christie closet?
You know, listen, any confessions I need to make, I'll make to my wife and to my priest, not on CNN to you, pal.
Do you ever feel guilty about stuff?
Listen, I had a Sicilian mother.
What do you feel most guilty about?
It depends on the day.
Really?
Yes, because I'm really struggling, been struggling for a long time with it.
Why do you think you've had a battle with your weight?
If I could figure it out, I'd fix it.
You don't know what it is?
I don't.
Do you ever get help for it?
Sure, plenty of times.
Where do you fall down in terms of dealing with it?
I eat too much.
Is it -- is it the one jibe about you that really stings?
HRISTIE: No.
Final question for here, do you think you would make a good president?
You know, my wife was asked this question and she said yes.
How much of your life have you spent in places like this?
A lot, especially when I was running for office.
Other than nice food and coffee?
It was a place to socialize for teenagers, a place where we could come.
How do you feel about that?
It's OK.
Is that the New Jersey way?
I think it is.
Why are you looking at me that way?
You know, it's -- we're still evaluating you, Piers.
Is that an accurate description?
No, I think we're more of a team than one person wearing the trousers.
Do you go along with that?
I definitely think I'm a good woman.
Is that right?
Yes, I'd agree with that.
What if your country needs him?
Well, I'm sure his country could use him but his family needs him too.
What is it about him, do you think, that if it came to it, if it came to a presidential race, why should Americans vote for him?
Because Chris has an -- an unbelievable ability to succinctly analyze a problem, come up with solutions, listen to people and then communicate the solutions.
Anything you want to share with us?
No, not at all.
What's the single biggest misconception about your husband, do you think?
Probably that he's mean.
He's the nicest, most ferocious prosecutor you've ever met, right?
But he's a really good person.
Bit of a pussycat really?
Well, I don't know about that.
Wouldn't go that far?
You're putting words into my mouth, Piers.
How did you feel?
No, I mean, I -- I really was just happy that he coming to the game.
Now, are you happy if that helicopter comes into sight again in the middle of the game?
Maybe -- maybe it was a good intimidation tactic.
Well, you are at an age -- how old are you now?
Seventeen.
When you look -- are you a Republican by nature, would you say?
Yes.
When you look at the other candidates doesn't part of you think, wow, wish the old man would run, because he'd have a better chance?
Well, you know, I -- I guess part of me thinks that, a little bit, but I -- I don't think for us personally as a family and for him it would be the best idea.
When he says that, he means it?
Because I ask him that all the time too.
Why would you keep having to ask him if -- if when he says it, you believe him?
Well, I just want to be sure, because I just don't want him to.
Would you like him to?
Of course.
Sarah, why are you concerned about it?
I just want him to be healthy.
Finally, you two, what would you say are the best things about your dad and the most annoying?
The best things.
I'll bet he's a nightmare isn't he?
He told me that -- in the campaign, I'd asked if I was going to have to have state police with me all the time.
So it's quite a messy situation, isn't it?
That's right.
Could you explain what that means?
Yes, that's right.
Are you concerned about the kind of celebrification of her through this case and the kind of pressure that will now put on her when she tries to return to normal life?
THE TRIALS OF AMANDA KNOX": Well, I don't know that there's been a lot of celebrification going on as much as demonization.
How have they all been bearing up?
Well, it's been incredibly difficult, Piers.
Do you believe that she was guilty of lying?
No, I don't.
Thomas, I mean, do you believe the family feel so angry about the defamation conviction that they may seek to have that overturned?
I can't speak for the family.
What was your overall take of the whole thing?
You know, Piers, my overall take was there was nothing that I could glean from this young lady's history that suggested anything like the way she was portrayed in the Italian press or by the -- by the prosecutors in this case.
But from your assessment what kind of woman is Amanda Knox?
There's two things I want to comment on that, Piers.
What is your primary motivation in going public now?
Well, Piers, Michael is no longer with us, obviously.
Did you find that with him?
Absolutely.
Like a good businessman, would you say?
Yes, Michael had great instincts, particularly with regard to marketing and promotion.
He must have thought you were a genius, didn't he?
Well, Michael was the genius.
But in terms of the Beatles music, is that still part of Michael's estate?
Absolutely, yes.
And in terms of the sheer number crunching here, could you tell me now what he paid for it and what it might now be worth?
Well, we bought the catalog in 1985.
So he took it from 40-odd million to $1 billion?
Yes.
What kind of decisions have you taken which have turned out to be very smart ones in relation to handling his estate?
Well, my co-executor John MaClean and I -- let's face it, Piers, we're fortunate to represent Michael Jackson.
What would you say to that?
I'm not sure if that's true or not.
How did he seem to you?
It wasn't a long meeting.
In all your experience of working in the entertainment industry, how did Michael's business empire rank?
Michael truly was one of a kind.
But was his spending out of control, as people kept saying it was?
Well, that was an area that was handled by Michael's business managers and accountants.
How do their estates compare in terms of how you manage them?
Well, it's hard to compare.
How fast have those assets appreciated since his death?
Well, you know, we've tried to do the right things.
Am I right in thinking the estate is already petitioned to distribute 30 million dollars to the will's beneficiaries, who would be his immediate family and children?
Yeah.
John, presumably as the co-executor, would you have read the will to the family?
Yes, I did, to Mrs. Jackson and several of Michael's siblings.
How was that?
Very emotional.
Were you aware that that 2002 will was still in play?
No, not at all.
Are they in a more relaxed frame of mind about it?
I would think so.
Is that right?
That's true, Piers.
Is that right?
That's right.
In 2013, it goes to Vegas permanently and there will be a Michael Jackson Museum?
There will be another show that's created permanently and specifically for a theater in Las Vegas in 2013.
What do you make of all this?
The issue in this case will be, did Conrad Murray engage in the appropriate standard of care for a physician in that situation.
What do you think of that?
I think the pressures of any allegations, even though they're false and even though it turns out you're acquitted, put tremendous pressure on you.
What did you think of his status as a performer?
I think it was unparalleled.
What do you think his legacy will be?
As Berry Gordy said, the greatest performer who ever lived.
Howard?
For me, when people ask me to describe Michael Jackson, I say push the play button on the video or on your iPod and that says it all.
Piers?
Anderson, thank you very much and we are leading on the breaking news tonight.
What are the next few days going to hold for them?
Well, I think, Piers, they're going to try to literally hide to try to find some home where the media won't be staking out and trying to follow every move Amanda Knox makes.
And, what are y our views as a family friend of Amanda?
Well, I think that -- well, I know that Amanda liked Meredith and that they were -- they were good friends and that's why they became roommates, that's why they decided to live together and Amanda felt great emotion around what happened to Meredith.
Are you, from a purely legal point of view, satisfied that justice has been done now?
One hundred percent I believe that justice has been done and I'm glad that she never gave up hope because if hope dies then that's the end for someone in prison.
Is it simply a question of Meredith Kercher is British, Amanda Knox is American and it's a kind of geographic thing here where the British feel a greater affinity, perhaps, to the Kercher family and their case?
No, I don't, Piers.
Do you think she emerges with a clean character or with a stain on her character?
I think she emerges with many questions, frankly.
Again, on the legal point, when she was found guilty and convicted and sentenced to a three year sentence, not a small period of time by any means, for this defamation, how seriously should we be taking that from a legal point of view?
Well, she's served -- it's time served and I think that was the least of her problems.
But does she know?
Well, we may never know, I'm afraid.
How could you possibly get any happier?
.
Why have you selected Friday as a day of great joy and happiness?
Well, Piers, for the most people, the studies show that people are happier on Fridays.
Why?
I think people are looking for the weekends, looking forward to it, getting to relax, you know, done with work and, you know, I've also read, Piers, where there's more heart attacks on Monday than any other day.
What about the poor guy who's trapped in a factory job or something or maybe has no job who, just through lack of opportunity and bad circumstance, is unhappy because he can't get out of that?
Well, Piers, to me, faith is all about learning to be happy where you are.
Do you believe, fundamentally, that money can make people happier?
You know...
Victoria, you're shaking your head, why?
Well, I mean, it helps, I mean, it helps but, no, I don't -- I've seen people who are very wealthy and they're unhappy, they don't have good relationships, they may even have bad health and ...
Why can poverty stricken people sometimes find joy in their lives?
I think there's not so many distractions.
Or is he always this content happy chap?
Angry, no.
What gets his goat?
Well, I don't really think he flips out but what -- he likes things to be right, you know, and, you know, I've watched him when things aren't right and he chooses to see the best in the situation.
When's the last time you heard him -- when's the last time you heard him shout, Victoria, come on?
Never.
You've never heard him shout?
No, he's never shouted ...
He's never shouted?
...and if you -- listen, if you live with me and you don't shout, you're pretty good.
Do you never shout at anybody?
No, no, that's not my personality.
Let me just clarify, you've never shouted in your life?
Well, I probably have, you know...
When was the last time?
...I can't remember.
What's the look?
It's like ...
So, what -- what frustrates in the noisy, what can ruin your Friday?
You know, I don't know if it would ruin my Friday but I -- like she said, I like things to be right, I like, you know, I like organization.
Have you ever had a fist fight?
I never have -- I never have.
Not even when you were a kid?
Well, probably with my brother, yes.
Never actually -- have you ever been punched in the face?
No.
Have you ever been punched in the face?
Yes.
You have?
Yes.
How do you explain that a just God can allow these kind of atrocities to happen, ruining so many lives?
You know, it's difficult, Piers, but the world we live in is not a perfect world.
Has it ever -- did your faith ever get dented?
You know, it really...
What do you say to people, again, who might come to you and say, I -- I can't continue having this faith because some appalling thing has happened?
You know what, that happens from time to time but, again, I go back to the fact that, you know what, having faith means you're going to have unanswered questions.
What do you say to them?
What I say is this, God's got you in the palm of his hand.
Victoria, have you ever had your faith dented?
Well, no, I've never -- I never have, you know.
How do you have -- how do you have moments, for example, when something bad has happened, you know, in your life or something that's really affected you badly and you've prayed to God to have that situation end in a happy way and then it hasn't, your prayers haven't been answered, in that circumstance do you not feel slightly let down?
Well, you know what, I can't tell God what to do.
Do you ever watch yourself back on TV?
I do.
ORGAN: Do you?
I do still edit them.
How have you developed that?
Well, my mother has had a great memory and when I started, you know, my dad just spoke extemporaneously and just would go and I couldn't do that.
What do you think of the whole issue?
You know, it's a complicated issue, Piers.
A life for a life?
Well, I don't -- I don't know that that's -- you know, I -- it's -- it's hard for me.
You can't be the man who influences millions of people and sit on the fence about key moral issues like that, key moral stroke ethical issues and you've got to have a view haven't you?
Well, I think the thing is, is we have a justice system and I believe in our system of justice, number one.
If I asked you about abortion, what would you say?
...well, abortion, I -- I feel stronger about because it -- I feel like...
What's your view?
...my view is that every baby should live, that, you know, that God's created that life and, so, again, that's what I feel strongly about.
Should there not be a more consistent view?
Well, I think there could be when you say may or may not.
Is homosexuality a sin, in your eyes?
Yes, I've always believed, Piers, the scriptures shows that it's a sin, but, you know, I'm not one of those that are out there to bash homosexuals and tell them that they're terrible people and all that.
What's your view now?
You know, Piers, it really never changes because mine was -- mine's based out of the scripture.
I mean, like everything else, doesn't it have to move with the times and isn't it down again to people like you to interpret it in a way that evolves when you're known as a very progressive preacher?
Sure.
What if Texas eventually, in a moment it's an unlikely place I would imagine to bring this in, but it may change with enough pressure, Texas brings in a law that same-sex marriage is permissible, how would you feel then if it's the law of the land?
Well, you know what, I'm going to respect the law and I'm going to respect gay people like I do now, you know, have plenty of people that come to our church and friends, I would call, that are gay so I'm going to respect that.
You could never do that?
No, it would be against what I believe the scripture teaches and, so, that's where I think the rub comes in with people like myself.
I mean, could you ever imagine attending a gay marriage between two people who come to your church, for example, if they invited you?
Well, I think if it was that easy, that we would have figured it out by now but it's been overthrown, states go for it and then they overthrow it, so it's very difficult for ...
Would I accept one?
Two gay people who attend your church invite you to their wedding.
You would?
Well, I don't -- you know, if I had time I would.
Joel, would you go?
If they were friends of mine...
Could you be seen to do -- could you be photographed at such an event?
Well, I would not...
Really?
...but, I'm -- I'm conservative, you know, that's who I've always been.
You would say?
I like to vote on the candidate.
...who would it be?
...good thing I don't have to right now because it's too early in the race.
What do you think people most care about?
I think -- are you talking about political issues ...
When people come to your church, what are -- what's really concerning them?
They care about their relationships -- their relationships, their finances, and their health.
Do you think politicians, today, are doing the right kind of thing or are they too busy scuffling with each other in Washington to understand clearly, as you've just defined it, what the real issues are for people in America?
Yes, I think they're squabbling too much.
When you see them all ranting and raving and being deliberately obstructive to getting things done, what do you think?
Well, I think, like most Americans, I would hope that they would work together and, you know, what I -- what I see that's difficult these days is any kind of compromise and, you know, it's hard to get 100 percent of what you want.
Would you be comfortable with that?
You know what, I'm comfortable with -- that would not stop me from voting for somebody.
Are there aspects to Mormonism which you find offensive?
I don't know a lot about it and here I go again but I don't know a lot...
How can you keep saying that?
...I don't know a lot about it but here -- here's the thing.
Like what?
I don't know -- I don't...
Well, what are the things about Mormonism which are awkward for you?
You know what, I don't know enough about their -- their beliefs to -- to point out what they are, to articulate it well but here's what I -- here's what I believe that, you know, Mitt Romney says he believes that Jesus is the Son of God, that he believes Jesus is his savior, that's the -- to me, those are the foundational things, when I look at somebody, could I vote for them, do they believe, you know, in the major things like me.
Could you vote for a Jewish candidate?
Sure, I could vote for a Jewish candidate.
What do you make of what's going on with the Palestinians and the Israelis right now?
Well, it's a -- it's a difficult situation.
You've both been out there recently I think, to Israel, right?
We did.
How did you find it?
We found it very peaceful.
Does it worry you that so many areas of conflict of the world are religion prompted?
Well, I don't...
Do you like being interviewed or do you find it a bit of a minefield?
You know what, I enjoy it.
Would you be happy with that?
Oh, I'd be thrilled, you know, nothing greater than for your children to follow in your legacy.
I mean, are you going to have to keep an extra close eye because you're the Olsteens, everyone be looking to trip them up?
Oh, you know what, I never feel like it like that.
What's he talking about?
Oh, well, we -- we have good conversations.
What's your perfect Friday?
Well, we like to have a good dinner and we like to either ride our bikes or we like to just hang out and talk or, you know, we may have a few friends over.
What's the secret?
And I respect him even more.
Yes, what's the secret of the Joel Olsteen magic, you think?
Well, I think he's a man of what he -- of his word, I think he's a man of what his word, he's -- he's always looking for the best in any situation.
Do you agree with all that Joel?
Oh, that and more.
You -- you can't ignore it, I mean, you must get some groupies, any?
Oh, I have some kind people, I don't call them groupies, but people that, you know, they feel like you've helped them and you know what, I -- listen...
Do you get all that?
I don't -- I don't...
Are you like popular like Tom Jones, you know?
I don't -- no, not in the work we do.
Ever do that?
Well, I -- you know, it's funny because when I -- when I'm out, even by myself, this is what women say to me, oh, Victoria, I love your husband.
Would it be too far, Mr. Welch, to go out and say he was the greatest CEO of our time, maybe ever?
Well, I -- you know somebody might argue with you on that, but I'd have trouble finding anyone better.
So the question is, how is this going to affect Apple products down the road?
That is the big question.
In a word or two, what would you think his legacy is going to be?
I think he's just -- you know, he was a marketing genius.
How great of a leader, Steve, was he?
I really wrote that piece because when Steve Jobs got sick there was a lot of discussion about how great a leader he was.
How did he do that?
Well, you know, F. Scott Fitzgerald said there are no second acts in American lives and Steve Jobs proved Fitzgerald wrong.
What was he like in those days?
He was -- you know what, he was always interested in every technical, electronic gadget there was in the world.
Who would have been more successful if you hadn't met each other?
Steve Jobs, definitely.
You're still an Apple employee, aren't you?
I am still an Apple employee.
How much do you get?
I think the check -- I don't even see it, but I think it's a couple hundred bucks every two weeks.
Do you have a stake in the company at all these days?
My wife and I really aren't big stock traders.
In terms of what you know of him, what do you think he'd like the legacy to be, the Steve Jobs legacy to be?
Giving mankind the most useful, helpful tools we've ever had in our history, the ones we would enjoy the most, the ones that we not only use but we love, that we come to love, like a human being.
Was the computer, in which you were very instrumental in producing -- is that going to be the greatest invention of, you know, the last millennium?
It's hard to say.
And they should be out playing Conquers (ph) and soccer and stuff like that, shouldn't they?
I don't think we could stop the effect of the future, the future we created giving them devices.
What goes through your mind on this sad day?
You know, we were so prepared for this.
Or was he simply focused on technology?
Steve was very focused.
Did you get to know him a little bit?
I met him, but I really never had a chance to actually interview him.
What is going to happen to Apple, Andy, now that Steve Jobs unfortunately has passed away?
Well, there's been a lot of speculation about that for a long time, Wolf.
And I think you're in this business now because of him, is that right?
Yeah.
What's happening over there, Susan?
Wolf, it's also a busy place here as people who admired Steve Jobs are stopping by, leaving flowers and a few hand made signs as well.
How did you hear about the death?
I got a Tweet from my friend.
What attracted you -- that won't change, I should say -- but what attracted you to Steve Jobs and to the Apple products?
It was just simplicity overall.
You bought your first Apple product at what age?
NIDENTIFIED MALE: At 14.
Has he ever been in love?
Yes.
How do you feel about being called a genius?
I'm a fairly peaceful, docile individual.
You were how old when you did these draws?
It's funny, I have no recollection of doing that so probably two or three years old.
What is she doing?
She's ready to make Shaquille O'Neal's day, it looks like.
At what point did you go from gentle cartoonist to an evil person?
Probably about four, I guess.
You see the absurd and slightly sinister in everything?
The absurd, absolutely.
Are you thrilled because it gives you great material?
I guess with a Rick Perry or a Michele Bachmann it would be the best possible thing to happen to comedy.
Is that the dream double ticket?
Probably, yes.
Do you fundamentally like their policies?
In 2011, yes.
Can you tell me who that is?
Stewie.
It's the basic math adds up, it adds up, right?
I just screwed up your card.
Do you think that Obama can win the next election?
No idea.
What's the left-wing equivalent of the tea party, would you say?
I struggle to find one.
Really?
That's what I'm told.
When you watch that, what do you think?
Not very proper.
Have you always had an absolutely clear idea of what you were going to do in animated form?
No.
Really?
Your contract is believed to be over $100 million.
Are any of these allegations true?
I guess if it's believed to be so that makes it true in America.
Was that a denial?
Yes, that's what my lawyers tell me.
Are you motivated by it?
If there's a Republican president, I will just keep getting richer.
You have a problem getting a girl?
Look, if I was, you know, Taylor Lautner walking around, I would have --
How many times have you been turned down?
As much as the next guy.
Is it the lines you're using?
Maybe.
Is that true?
Yes.
Can I say that on CNN?
You just did.
How did do you that?
Well, I was animation major in college.
You didn't know?
No.
Your mother broke it to you?
Yes.
How did you react?
ACFARLANE: My mother was always the first person to know gossip.
How important was she to your career?
Really, really -- certainly from a comedy standpoint, you know, just invaluable.
There is not a mother in the world that would not be offended by something that you have done and you're sitting here telling me that your mother went along with all of this?
Yes, she was unflappable.
Do you have any lines?
Yes, there are some things off limits.
What?
Well, we wouldn't make a -- we wouldn't make a 9/11 joke for at least two weeks after 9/11.
And how far do you tread?
That is just your gut.
Is religion a particularly sensitive issue?
Yes.
ETER: Oh, so Saddam Hussein did this?
No.
The Iraqi Army?
No.
Some guys from Iraq?
No.
That one lady who visited Iraq that one time?
No, Peter, Iraq had nothing to do with this.
Why?
A combination of two things: I was -- I was giving a lecture at my college the night before, and went out with some of the faculty afterwards and had a few pints.
Does any part of you shudder at your own shocking humor?
Yes.
Which has been your favorite, because you've done a few now?
This last one was pretty -- was -- I mean, it was -- it was dark, but it was definitely fun.
What do you -- what do you make of Charlie?
You know, it's funny.
How would you feel if a member of Amy Winehouse's family watching that was really upset and actually phoned you to say, what were you doing making jokes about Amy?
Well, what I would say was that the joke was about Charlie.
Would you be uncomfortable?
The part that -- I -- oh, absolutely.
Have you had those calls?
Not -- no, I actually haven't.
Well, how do you know about that?
It's a great story.
How did you find out about that?
Never mind how I know these things.
Did you -- did you grovel pathetically?
No, no.
Stand your ground like a man?
I tried.
I mean, there's a certain irony in Jon Stewart ringing up, haranguing you for mocking him, isn't there?
I mean, it's -- if I say yes, he's going to crucify me on his show every night for a year.
Wrong to not see the funny side?
No.
What are you schizophrenic, or what is this?
Probably.
ORGAN: I heard this, his original one, yes?
Yes.
Isn't that the next obvious step?
I have -- I enjoy many different pursuits.
How about the new Morey Amsterdam?
But, finally, I'm told that you had a very exciting new addition to your "Family Guy" cast list.
Is this right?
Yes, it turns out -- yes, yes.
What should people know about this guy from Wales?
I'm 6'4".
Everyone is thinking who are -- how did Steve Jones get to be the host of the hottest new show on TV in America?
Well, Simon had approached me about four years ago to work on a project which I couldn't do because I was under contract with a different channel.
Two years ago?
About two years ago, yes.
he needs nipping in the bud?
I'm just going to do the best I can do on the show.
What was that picture that just came up?
Let's rewind.
What was that picture?
What a little nerd.
What's that?
That is me as a child in my bathers.
Do you still wear those?
That reminds me of a story my mother used to tell ex- girlfriends when I used to take them to meet my mother.
Talking about that particular part of your anatomy, do you still have a plaster cast of it on your mantle piece at home in Wales?
It's not on the mantle piece.
They must be crawling around Sunset Boulevard, aren't they?
Well -- I'll be.
Is it all you hoped it would be?
Yes, and more.
Was it true?
She's a good friend of mine, yes.
Hayden Panettiere?
She's a friend of mine.
Halle Barry?
ONES: I interviewed her once.
You're happy with that?
Yes, I think there will be a lot of people not be asking who is Steve Jones, but, whoa, Steve Jones.
Can I ask you a huge favor?
Yes.
Can I storm off?
Yes.
Is homosexuality a sin in your eyes?
Yes, I've always believed, Piers -- the Scripture shows that it's a sin.
How do you explain a just God can allow this kind of atrocities to happen?
The world we live in is not a perfect world.
What is your view of state executions?
I'm for second chances and mercy.
If I ask you about abortion, what would you say?
My view is that every baby should live.
How could you possibly get any happier?
Well, you know, I think we all can if we -- if we learned what to ignore and -- you know, certain battles not to fight.
Why have you selected Friday as a day of great joy and happiness?
Well, Piers, for the most people, the studies show that people are happier on Fridays.
Why?
I think people are looking for the weekends, looking forward to it, getting to relax, you know, done with work and, you know, I've also read, Piers, where there's more heart attacks on Monday than any other day.
What about the poor guy who's trapped in a factory job or something or maybe has no job who, just through lack of opportunity and bad circumstance, is unhappy because he can't get out of that?
Well, Piers, to me, faith is all about learning to be happy where you are.
Do you believe, fundamentally, that money can make people happier?
You know --
Victoria, you're shaking your head, why?
Well, I mean, it helps -- I mean, it helps but, no, I don't -- I've seen people who are very wealthy and they're unhappy, they don't have good relationships.
Why can poverty stricken people sometimes find joy in their lives?
I think there's not so many distractions.
Or is he always this content happy chap?
Angry, no.
When's the last time you heard him -- when's the last time you heard him shout, Victoria, come on?
Never.
You've never heard him shout?
No, he's never shouted --
He's never shouted?
-- and if you -- listen, if you live with me and you don't shout, you're pretty good.
Do you have a temper?
.
Do you never shout at anybody?
No, no, that's not my personality.
Let me just clarify, you've never shouted in your life?
Well, I probably have, you know --
When was the last time?
I can't remember.
What's the look?
It's like --
What can ruin your Friday?
You know, I don't know if it would ruin my Friday but I -- like she said, I like things to be right.
Have you ever had a fist fight?
I never have -- I never have.
Not even when you were a kid?
Well, probably with my brother, yes.
Never actually -- have you ever been punched in the face?
No.
Have you ever been punched in the face?
Yes.
You have?
Yes.
How do you explain that a just God can allow this kind of atrocities to happen, ruining so many lives?
You know, it's difficult, Piers, but the world we live in is not a perfect world.
Has it ever -- did your faith ever get dented?
You know, it really --
What do you say to people, again, who might come to you and say, I can't continue having this faith because some appalling thing has happened?
Yes.
What do you say to them?
What I say is this -- God's got you in the palm of his hand.
Do you ever watch yourself back on TV?
I do.
ORGAN: Do you?
I do still edit them.
How have you developed that?
Well, my mother has had a great memory and when I started, you know, my dad just spoke extemporaneously and just would go and I couldn't do that.
What do you think of the whole issue?
You know, it's a complicated issue, Piers.
A life for a life?
Well, I don't -- I don't know that that's -- you know, I -- it's -- it's hard for me.
And you've got to have a view, haven't you?
Well, I think the thing is, is we have a justice system and I believe in our system of justice, number one.
If I asked you about abortion, what would you say?
Well, abortion, I feel stronger about because it -- I feel like --
What's your view?
My view is that every baby should live, that, you know, that God's created that life.
Should there not be a more consistent view?
Well, I think there could be when you say may or may not.
Is homosexuality a sin, in your eyes?
Yes, I've always believed, Piers, the Scriptures shows that it's a sin.
What's your view now?
You know, Piers, it really never changes because mine was -- mine's based out of the Scripture.
I mean, like everything else, doesn't it have to move with the times and isn't it down again to people like you to interpret it in a way that evolves when you're known as a very progressive preacher?
Sure.
What if Texas eventually, in a moment, it's an unlikely place I would imagine to bring this in, but it may change with enough pressure, Texas brings in a law that same-sex marriage is permissible -- how would you feel then if it's the law of the land?
Well, you know what, I'm going to respect the law and I'm going to respect gay people like I do now, you know, I have plenty of people that come to our church and friends, I would call, that are gay so I'm going to respect that.
You could never do that?
No, it would be against what I believe the scripture teaches and, so, that's where I think the rub comes in with people like myself.
I mean, could you ever imagine attending a gay marriage between two people who come to your church, for example, if they invited you?
Well, I think if it was that easy, that we would have figured it out by now.
So, would you accept one or not?
.
OSTEEN: Would I accept one?
Two gay people who attend your church invite you to their wedding.
You would?
Well, I don't -- you know, if I had time I would.
Joel, would you go?
If they were friends of mine --
Could you be seen to do -- could you be photographed at such an event?
Well, I would not --
But of all the Republican runners and riders in the race so far to be the nominee, who do you think is the most impressive leader potentially that you've seen?
Piers, they all look like great leaders to me.
Really?
But, I'm -- I'm conservative, you know, that's who I've always been.
You would say?
I like to vote on the candidate.
ORGAN: -- who would it be?
Good thing I don't have to right now because it's too early in the race.
Is he the kind of guy?
I like Rick Perry.
I think -- are you talking about political issues?
Anything.
When people come to your church, what are -- what's really concerning them?
They care about their relationships -- their relationships, their finances, and their health.
Do you think politicians, today, are doing the right kind of thing, or are they too busy scuffling with each other in Washington to understand clearly, as you've just defined it, what the real issues are for people in America?
Yes, I think they're squabbling too much.
Yes?
Yes, I think they're squabbling too much.
When you see them all ranting and raving and being deliberately obstructive to getting things done, what do you think?
Well, I think, like most Americans, I would hope that they would work together and, you know, what I -- what I see that's difficult these days is any kind of compromise and, you know, it's hard to get 100 percent of what you want.
Would you be comfortable with that?
You know what, I'm comfortable with -- that would not stop me from voting for somebody.
Are there aspects to Mormonism which you find offensive?
I don't know a lot about it and here I go again but I don't know a lot --
How can you keep saying that?
-- I don't know a lot about it.
Like what?
I don't know -- I don't --
Well, what are the things about Mormonism which are awkward for you?
You know what, I don't know enough about their -- their beliefs to -- to point out what they are, to articulate it well.
Could you vote for a Jewish candidate?
Sure, I could vote for a Jewish candidate.
Could you vote for a Muslim candidate?
Well, I think -- I think I could.
What do you make of what's going on with the Palestinians and the Israelis right now?
Well, it's a -- it's a difficult situation.
You've both been out there recently I think, to Israel, right?
We did.
How did you find it?
We found it very peaceful.
Does it worry you that so many areas of conflict of the world are religion prompted?
Well, I don't --
If you receive it, can you say amen tonight?
Amen.
Do you stop to think, wow, how did this happen?
I do.
Am I right to think that the church takes in $18 million a year, but all of that gets plowed back in to the church, is that right?
That's correct.
The books that sell by the squillion, you keep all the cash?
Well, we give.
ORGAN: You take some as well?
Sure.
Take some of it?
We do.
I mean, you're like multimillionaires, aren't you?
Well, we don't have any problem -- I don't think God has any problem with you being blessed.
You like being rich?
Oh, I like being able to help others.
You give to people to come to you for help?
Sure.
Would you happily write more money to the treasury?
You know, Piers, again, it's so far out of my league.
Not you personally, but do you mind paying more tax?
Well, I wouldn't be foolish.
What I was saying was: would you like it?
No, I would -- let them have all of the money and the government run great without the money and I give it away to other people.
What do you think ideologically -- and I ask you, Victoria -- of the principle of rich people paying more tax generally?
Well, you know, I think they pay a good pay a good amount of tax right now as it is.
Isn't it just a convenient thing that rich people come out with?
You know, I don't know.
I think that you know, just like you, you know, do you want to pay more taxes?
I wouldn't mind paying more tax.
It's a different class structure, isn't it?
I think it is.
Would you be happy with that?
Oh, I'd be thrilled, you know, nothing greater than for your children to follow in your legacy.
I mean, are you going to have to keep an extra close eye because you're the Osteens, everyone be looking to trip them up?
Oh, you know what, I never feel like it like that.
What's he talking about?
Oh, well, we -- we have good conversations.
What's your perfect Friday?
Well, we like to have a good dinner and we like to either ride our bikes or we like to just hang out and talk or, you know, we may have a few friends over.
What's the secret?
And I respect him even more.
Yes, what's the secret of the Joel Osteen magic, you think?
Well, I think he's a man of what he -- of his word, I think he's a man of what his word.
Do you agree with all that Joel?
Oh, that and more.
I mean, you must get some groupies, any?
Oh, I have some kind people -- I don't call them groupies -- but people that, you know, they feel like you've helped them and you know what, I -- listen --
Do you get all that?
I don't -- I don't --
Are you like popular like Tom Jones, you know?
I don't -- no, not in the work we do.
Ever do that?
Well, I -- you know, it's funny because when I -- when I'm out, even by myself, this is what women say to me, "Oh, Victoria, I love your husband."
If you could choose one partner, who would it be?
I'm looking over, I see people going -- don't do it, don't do it.
You're Irish descent, but you're Scottish basically, aren't you?
Yes.
Six hours a day?
Yes.
Did it really?
Really, really did.
Was it a kind of sense of absolute euphoria?
No, because I look ridiculous.
You went to Edinburgh Festival, the famous arts and creative festival in Scotland and basically got wrecked, right?
This is a great start to an interview, here you are fat, and now let's talk about the time you were fired.
You were actually shackled, right?
I was shackled, yes.
Was that a wake-up moment?
That was a wake up moment, yes, but in truth I had a few of them.
Do you ever wonder what may have happened if you passed your law degree, if you passed exams, if you'd become a lawyer?
Yes, I don't think I would have, I don't think I'd be alive today to be honest, and I don't say that lightly.
Did she realize as what you were supposed to be doing?
Yes, she did.
What are you doing?
Let's go, get up.
Why this?
It's the way you introduced the movie is the very same reason I wanted to do it.
It's a God-fearing bad boy sees the light, parallels?
Yes.
As you were filming, were you thinking -- I mean very different story line, but you know?
I think sometimes you read a script and you don't know why, you just think I connect with this, you know.
It's a cliche question, but did it make you reassess yourself, your sense of what's important in life?
Absolutely.
Are you very religious?
I'm -- I was brought up a Catholic.
Where are you?
I'm away.
Sam?
Yes.
Can you hear me?
Yes, I can hear you.
When you finish scenes like that, how do you unwind after, can you or does it hang with you for a long time?
It hangs with you for awhile, and with this movie, there was very much a cumulative effect, because you know from day one you find yourself playing more and more of these scenes where you're either having some kind of breakdown via your drugs or family pressures.
ORGAN: -- by what you had to see?
Yes, I do.
Have you asked yourself that question?
Yes.
What would be the answer?
I mean, I would give anybody free power to do whatever they wanted to if it was a family member of mine, and I myself would do it.
So, when did you realize this kind of look that you have was going to turn women wild?
I don't know if I ever worked that out.
I mean, these all just a brand extension, isn't it, all these kinds of stuff?
I don't know.
But is there -- is there a turning point for that when people start to say what's up with you, then?
Yes.
Does your mother want to see her little boy settle down?
Yes.
Get married, have little Gerards running around?
I don't think she wants little Gerards.
Have you worked out what your dream woman would be, from all the experience you've had playing the field, have you actually worked out in your head what kind of characteristics and looks the one needs to have?
I mean, I could give you something, and then walk out of here and see a woman that's absolute opposite and go -- oh, wow, because I don't think there's a definite type.
What kind of personality?
I love vivacious, but I love a good heart.
Good humor attract for you?
And fun.
If you could choose one partner for a desert island, if I was going to send you there for a year, who would it be?
Oh, God, I'm looking over.
What did you mean by that?
You know, once I talked to Michael -- we used to discuss big issues, including life and death.
Is fame in itself an addictive drug?
Fame in itself is an addictive drug.
What did you know about his drug consumption?
Well, Michael only called me when he was totally sober and was off drugs.
What's your understanding about the repercussions of what we're watching here on screen?
It's a common story, Piers.
Or was it a bit of an act?
Well, in a sense, we're all multiple personalities.
What was your understanding of his physical condition through this period?
HOPRA: Well, Piers, I wasn't there at those rehearsals.
Are either of you legally allowed to administer Propofol in a private house?
I don't think so, and neither a cardiologist or an endocrinologist should administer.
Why did no one perform a kind of intervention and just try and get him off this stuff?
There were a couple of interventions to no avail.
Is that the tenet of this book?
Yes, that's the basic idea.
Any of the top ones?
LODINOW: Oh, yes, many scientists believe in God.
Isn't there a contradiction there?
Well, first of all, I don't say that I don't believe in god.
Do you?
I don't think people are that interested -- I don't think people are really that interested in my personal views.
Do you believe in God?
I believe in a kind of God.
And so, you know, if you want to go in that direction, you should ask, like Deepak does, where do those laws come from?
Let me go to Deepak.
What do you think?
HOPRA: Well, it's the eternal mystery.
What happens to me after I die?
We could be here all day with this.
Where do you think you go when you die, Leonard?
I think when, you know, ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
That's the end of Leonard?
You know, I would love to think that it's not.
Deepak?
I think we go back to the infinite consciousness where we emerged from.
How are you?
Just fine, thank you.
Life good?
Couldn't be better.
Do you ever stop to actually look back and think, good god?
Well, at my age, you do that.
What do you think when you think back to those days?
I love what happened because I had -- all my uncles and aunts and nieces and nephews, they were all good people, hard working people.
What values did they instill in you, that community you had, family and friends?
They just like -- well, besides great food.
Really?
Yes.
And you sing for your supper, would you?
That's what happened, actually.
Is that when you got that excitement, that you thought this is for me?
I remember very clearly saying, this is who I am.
You know you get to go and sing or paint or whatever it may be, but everything you do, you love doing, don't you?
ENNETT: It's never a bother for me.
Do any of the ones on this album match up in quality of voice to the greats like Sinatra or it is different these days?
Well, you know, I started with the "Duets I." It was so successful that Sony Columbia said please do another one like that.
Is it as good?
They were all very professional, they were all prepared.
Really?
She was so sweet to everybody, to every stage hand and everybody, thank you for being so nice to me and all that.
Is that right?
Especially in your great country Britain.
How long was that period for you when you were slightly feeling maybe it's over?
I tell you, it was about six months.
Having had all this success, how did that period make you feel?
I don't feel like ever retiring.
When you see the younger stars these days or younger entertainer, they're not called necessarily stars, but when you see how much more available drugs now are even than they were in your day perhaps, does it concern you?
I learned -- Jack Rolands, Woody Allen's manager, he said that he managed Lenny Bruce years ago, who's a brilliant man.
Do you feel fortunate that you were able to do that?
It was a blessing.
Did you have friends, colleagues and so on who were not so fortunate, who just ended up being ruined by drugs?
Well, that's right.
Because to me she was one of the best singer/songwriters to have emerged in a very, very long time, wasn't she?
Mm-hmm, yes.
Seriously?
Really.
Where were you, Tony, when you heard that she died?
I was at home.
How did you hear about it?
My son called me up and told me she just died.
Could you tell?
Yes.
Very sad, isn't it?
It is very sad.
I mean, when people are huge entertainers, it brings with it particular pressures, doesn't it?
At any given moment you can learn.
Squeaky clean as imagine you must be?
No, I -- actually --
You drink -- do you drink at all?
I have a glass of wine at night.
Presumably the cocaine days are behind you now, Tony?
Completely.
How important is self-discipline for a singer?
It's something you can't teach.
And it's dangerous, isn't it?
What's happening to me right now is I have a new album, I'm not just plugging this.
How much -- how much of your ability to be successful for so long do you think is down to having strong people like your mother in your early life?
It meant everything.
Well, that was your theme tune, isn't it, really, "I Left My Heart in San Francisco"?
That's my signature song.
Do you ever get tired of singing it?
No, not at all.
If you had five minutes to live, what song would you sing?
ENNETT: I'd sing the last line of that song.
Would you?
"Your golden sun will shine for me."
Did you think then when Martin Luther King was assassinated, did you think in your lifetime, you would see a black president in America?
I think it's the greatest accomplishment that the United States ever came up with.
What was driving you at the time?
It's a dream of mine that someday the world will pick themselves up by their boot straps and better themselves, walk toward humanity, realize what a gift it is to be alive and to be on this planet.
Was that -- was that how you felt?
Well, yes.
But do you feel that war is ever justified?
Well --
With all the collateral damage that comes?
It's a very difficult question, because I think we should have a society of highly educated, intelligent people that will think realistically about how to do things.
Was that really the point you were making?
Yes.
What does it mean to you to be an American?
Well, America -- to be an American is you're ahead of everybody on the planet.
-- around the world, it would a very different world, right?
Absolutely.
How did you go about this?
You know, I started working with Tony -- my dad --
Was that part of your thinking?
And at a time when rock 'n' roll people stopped taking chances, Tony never stopped.
I mean, do you feel very protective towards your father?
Well, yes, but I don't have to be.
Do you look at young people today and say, I wish you were just more respectful and polite?
Well, yes, but I'm socked about what you're saying because it's humorous for me.
Really?
You could not get in the room.
So you just wonder, where are we going?
Yes, I think it's a shame.
Isn't he awesome?
Yes, he is.
Did you enjoy that?
Oh, yes.
If I was to pin you down and say, right, what has been the greatest moment of your life, what would you say it's been?
When it comes to entertainment or just --
Really?
Yes, "Fly Me to the Moon."
-- you retire?
No.
Danny, what do you think's been the secret of your father's success, if you were to try and crystallize it, what would you say?
I mean, I think, you know, again, it's -- I'm doing a documentary called "The Zen of Tony Bennett," and it is that focus.
You work out every day?
Yes.
Is it -- is it just because you do something you love, just working as hard as you can to keep the passion burning?
I believe that's absolutely correct, the way -- what you described is the way I feel.
It is an extraordinarily outrageously audacious plot, isn't it?
It is.
I mean, given the sums of money involved, given the elaborate nature of the plot, is it conceivable that Mahmoud Ahmadinejad or the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei, that didn't know about this?
It would -- I think it would be pretty difficult for them to deny.
But what does that actually mean in practice?
Well, what we hope happens now is that this is an opportunity for the administration to engage our European allies in tougher sanctions.
What would you imagine their reaction may be?
OGERS: Well, the good news is when the early stages of this that they were briefed as to the security that they might need to undergo to make sure that if something went wrong in the operation and they were able to get there, that they would be safe and able to keep the ambassador safe as well as other security precautions.
Do you ever sit here, just the three of you sometimes, and think, how did we get here?
Every day.
I mean I just wonder whether sometimes you have that moment where you just think how did this happen?
You know, I had the occasion to go back to the house I grew up in Ashton, Birmingham a few months ago.
If you had your time again, would you choose to be in that MTV show?
Absolutely, yes.
And what do you think of that, coming from Britain and going back there and seeing it's so much more prevalent now, given what it did to you and your life and the impact on your family?
Well, I'm lucky.
Do you feel lucky that none of your kids ended up like Amy Winehouse?
Lucky is not the word.
What about you?
I think she said -- she's including you as one of the children, Ozzy.
And doing this?
But then at the same time, it has nothing to do with the size, the age, the width, (INAUDIBLE), it's to do with the look.
What do you feel?
Yes.
I mean, that's an extraordinary moment to reach, isn't it?
I don't know.
Well, in a funny way, in the movie -- in the movie, it was a bit surreal watching that because, Sharon was able to kind of deal with it in a relatively calm way when in fact it must have been at the time just grotesque, wasn't it?
It was -- it was pretty damn scary because, you know, you're in a house, no neighbors each side, your kids are asleep.
What was the answer when you ask yourself that?
Oh, god, yes.
How would you imagine that you're a shrinking violet in any relationship, Sharon?
No, as harder -- as hard as Ozzy would hit me, I would clobber him back.
What do you feel when you hear that?
Honestly, it's just kind of --
Never in front of the kids?
No.
What?
You never hit a girl.
So what about you (EXPLETIVE DELETED) hitting us then?
Yes, that's exactly right.
But do you feel, Ozzy, you're a completely different human being now?
Well, yes.
And to put the flipside on it, was it for a long time great fun being Ozzy?
It was great fun until it wasn't.
Enough of this?
I don't know.
Sharon, would you go along with that?
No.
Had you pissed on me as well?
And Jack just cracked up.
You don't agree, Ozzy?
No.
It wasn't Jack reacting to you?
Maybe was.
Jack, do you remember the incident your mom is talking about?
Yeah.
What have you got against bats?
Nothing.
Really?
I did some have crazy stuff when I was out there, you know.
Am I misreading the tea leaves?
My mom's a very strong-willed woman.
Is that understood?
Without a doubt.
Even now, though?
The whole thing was --
Really?
Dad likes to slam things.
Ozzy, would you say you have anger management issues?
Not really.
What was that like, do you think, in reality for the family?
It was the strangest thing because we were all on such a big high from the show being such a success.
Did you think Ozzy could have coped if you had died?
No.
Jack, what was it like for you?
No one really told me the severity of it.
What were you thinking, Ozzy, as you were lying in hospital?
I wanted to get out.
Never boring, is it?
No.
How did he feel about the way you were enjoying all that fame?
On his death bed, this is what he -- on his death bed, he said to me -- the only thing I have to say to you -- he thought al drugs were speed or sleeping pills.
Do you think he would have been very proud of you, of what you've now done?
I know he would.
Really?
Yeah.
When that happened, what was your real emotion when you realized he was no longer going to be any part of your life?
I got the most amazing gifts from my father, the gift of music.
ORGAN: Did you ever imagine your father would become a sort of medical advisory board?
It wouldn't surprise me.
How did it keep going?
I haven't got a clue.
Do you feel like all the torment has been worth it?
Yes.
Jack?
Oh yeah.
Where did we find little Jack?
Jack is a lone voice of sanity.
Is that right?
Yes.
How do you feel?
I'm excited.
Ozzy, how are you feeling about this?
I'm in shock.
Good shock?
I think it is fabulous.
You are not a grandma, right?
No.
Grandma, sit with the kettle and let's have a cup of tea, shall we?
Oh!
You're not implacably opposed to running for president?
No, I'm not.
Could America be ready for another Bush in the White House?
I mean, look, this is a time to serve.
And what did you think of last night?
Well, I didn't see it because I was flying out to San Francisco, but this morning, bright and early, I saw what other people thought of the debate.
I mean he's -- he's consistent, isn't he?
He's very consistent.
Are you prepared to do this?
Well, I don't have as much weight behind me as Chris Christie, but I'm getting up there.
What should America be doing -- what should American politicians be doing?
I think I have a sense of history, for starters.
You support their right to protest?
Oh, yes, absolutely.
So we should blame your brother, basically?
Well, we do that all the time, but not in this particular case.
Do you feel confident that enough is being done to prevent that?
You know, I think -- I think our banks are stronger today than they were in September of 2008, and they're certainly stronger in terms of their capital ratios compared to the European banks.
Do you think it's kind of anti the culture of the country?
It feels -- when you travel to Asia, particularly, you know, you get this spirit of optimism that's quite remarkable, and also a feeling that they look at us and kind of say, you know, poor older brother, you know, your days are behind you.
Why has education always been your great passion?
Well, I think I learned it at my mama's knee to start with.
Quite frightening, isn't it?
It's very frightening.
Why has nobody really got to grits with this?
Look, I think -- I think our country has rested on its laurels.
And how much should be driven from the state?
Well, today, it's anywhere from 8 to 10 percent.
What do you think is the optimum?
Where it is today is fine in terms of the relevance of education.
What are the key, simple ways that other states, and therefore America, collectively, can get to grips with this corrosive education system?
A focus on early childhood literacy, so the children come prepared to learn.
Do even teachers' unions get this, do you think, or is this still, again, a very old-fashioned sense of what a union should be doing?
This is like one of those fights in the previous segment, I believe, that we're -- that it's the transition from kind of the old '70s way of doing things to the 21st century way of doing things.
What's the trick to being successful in Florida, if you're a Republican candidate right now?
Well, Florida's an incredible -- it's purple, it's very purple.
What's it like having a brother and a dad who have both been president of the United States?
It's different.
Do you have to have that ability to cope with huge pressure, but also have the family, the balance?
Absolutely.
Well, that's an extraordinary thing to witness, isn't it?
And we didn't talk about it.
What was the toughest things for you to do?
I would say in the second term, the turning against him because of the war was difficult.
Was that the right thing to do?
No.
Does he miss being president?
I'm sure he misses the White House, misses the service.
Why not personally?
Well, because it's personal.
ORGAN: Can you see yourself running in the future?
I can --
Isn't it like a calling for you Bushes now?
No, it isn't.
Could you see the situation where the personal reasons, which I won't press you on -- but where those would go away enough for you to consider running perhaps in 2016?
That's pure -- that's just hypothetical, so I can't answer.
You're not implacably opposed to running for president?
No, I'm not.
You don't just imagine one day just walking into the Oval Office?
Let's move to digital learn.
Is this a scoop?
This is a scoop.
Some of this, Governor Bush, does modern technology help kids learn better and faster than the old-fashioned technology?
I believe that passionately.
What is your view about competition, whether it's sporting or academic, in schools in America?
I think --
Are you in favor of egg and spoon races?
I am.
What do you think, Governor Bush?
I think he's wrong.
Governor Wise?
I happen to think -- I agree with Warren Buffett on the taxes.
Do you know how many people you both executed?
I think during eight years, I've probably -- I'm going to be off a little bit, probably 50 people.
If you had the decision, if you were the president of the United States, would you try now and stop the death penalty?
No.
How are you going to link it to education?
ISE: Because DNA is modern technology.
Let me ask you first, Governor Bush?
Consistently higher graduation rates.
Do you think America is more or less racist since the inauguration of the first black president?
I think what Barack Obama is going through (INAUDIBLE) than race.
Do they know what they're protesting about?
Well, nobody has put a fine point on it but it's not hard to see why people might be outraged by Wall Street.
Now when whole towns in America starts declaring themselves bankrupt, this is a sign that this is pretty serious, isn't it?
Yes, but I'm not sure what the bankruptcy of Harrisburg means.
But is America basically bust financially?
Well, America has been living beyond its means for a generation.
And where do you see this politically?
So you've got to accept that -- like everyone else in the world when I answer that question, I'm just guessing.
Why did you go looking for whatever it was you found?
There were a couple of reasons.
I mean when you have monks who are behaving like this, hasn't the whole world basically lost its entire moral compass?
Well, you know, you probably give monks too much credit just to start with.
So I'll tell you after I'm done, how about that?
Well, I hope you come back on and talk to me about it when it's done.
Is that a deal?
Thanks for having me.
If I had that power, what would it be?
The first time I met Martin Luther King in the basement of a church in Harlem.
What kind of man was he?
Humble, without false modesty, eloquent, intellectual, extremely intellectual and highly intelligent.
How far do you think America has come in realizing Martin Luther King's dream?
There's no question we have realized a good portion of it.
Do you see that anymore in modern leaders?
No, I do not.
How did you feel when he got elected?
I had hoped very much that he would be that person.
Do you think America is more or less racist since the inauguration of the first black president?
Certainly the amount of social activism, we are less racist than appearance.
What did you think when he said that?
I subscribed to it.
What did you feel when that happened?
I felt that something very important had been revealed.
Or do you wish you had never sung the damn thing?
I'm glad I sung it.
What are your personal other favorite songs?
"Try to Remember," a great ballad from the Fantastics.
Did you know that?
Yes.
What was your view of him?
Like many, I was certainly in awe of his great gift and his talent.
Or in the end, do you yourself have to do with these things?
I think, along the way, there are individuals that intervene that help you to see a brighter side to things and can help -- you can trust their view of what they say about you and the distortions you may be living through.
When you look back, how would you like to be remembered?
There are two things that have defined me.
Is that the kind of fury that you have felt about issues over the years?
It resonates a great deal and in many ways, some of them complicated.
I mean, are you proud to be an American right now?
I'm more proud to be an American than ever.
And are they?
I think largely people with simpler thoughts are more polite.
What have been your thoughts in the last two or three years?
I don't think that that matters as much as -- in the way that it's often talked about.
Do you think America should become -- I mean, I'll be much more selfish about his foreign policy -- be more humanitarian in areas like Haiti, but leave the bombing to other people?
We don't have to tell it to ourselves.
I mean democracy and freedom, through the kind of uprising you saw in Tahrir Square, is massively more beneficial to America's interests than going into Iraq and behaving in the way that the allies did there, right?
If we had waited on Iraq, what we'd be seeing is Saddam Hussein being brought down by his people right now, without hundreds of thousands of dead Iraqis, children, U.S. soldiers, all the money that's been spent that could have been spent here to better this country, to straighten this country --
Do you think that the power of these uprisings all over the world, in all different ways, means that those guys, their days are numbered, generally?
I think, frankly, Rupert Murdoch will be the teller of this, because I think the great despot are in the corporate world and that -- that the fact that a clown -- I mean Gadhafi, by any sober analysis, could have been three times as wealthy and a god to the world.
What motivates you to go and literally get in there, live there and carry on working for this kind of thing?
Well, I think I would have to begin to answer that by saying because we live in a world doing the things that -- that my organization is doing in Haiti, J/P HRO, where we have dependencies and we have great appreciation for a lot of ways in which people contribute.
Of all the Republican candidates, clearly, I suspect you're not going to vote for any of them, but if you had to, who is the one that you would prefer to see as the Republican nominee?
Of the Republican candidates, I would say Barack Obama.
Who's the least threatening to your ideology?
That we do not necessarily be the way that I would pick it.
So expectation was far too high, wasn't it, given the -- the state of the economy?
Yes, I'd like to see expectation get higher.
Did you know that?
Well, I do now.
Hey, bud, what's your problem?
No problem at all.
Have you crammed it all in?
Yes.
Could you see yourself walking away from movies?
You know, earlier, you said something about my being a multi-millionaire.
-- let me rephrase it, pre-divorce, right?
Yes, exactly.
Do you need -- do you need to make movies to -- to -- to live, to earn money?
Look, I -- I still have a love affair with the movies.
Do you go to the movies?
I go to the movies.
Regularly?
Not regularly enough, because I'm always traveling around and -- and --
What was the -- what was the best film you've seen recently?
ENN: "Senna".
What to you is great acting?
Well, let's see.
Really?
Yes.
Which actresses would you have?
Well, look, and Meryl Streep -- Meryl Streep and Meryl Streep and -- and Anna Magnani and Meryl Streep and -- no, there's -- there's several actresses that I think are wonderful and, you know --
Would Jack Nicholson creep in?
Absolutely, Jack.
If you could write your own tombstone, your own epitaph, what would it say?
Well, let's see, I was -- first, I'd like to -- to erase some of my children's memories of me.
What about I'm still angry?
Yes, aside from my kids, I don't really care if I'm even remembered, I don't think.
Are you going to take any action against the police?
Yes, we may well do that.
Once you were both arrested, what happened then?
It was absolutely Kafkaesque.
Are you completely blameless here?
Well, what happened was we were being pushed.
How big will it get, do you think?
Hopefully the equivalent of the Arab Spring, I mean, in the sense that -- again, it is a way of discounting people to say they are not organized.
What's rude sex?
Well, you don't want me to tell you on this show.
But really?
Yes, you go hair spray, a little something.
Michele Bachmann, Sarah Palin -- what do you make of it?
I don't make a lot of them.
Whereas you have the Tea Party who are gathering the momentum, have a huge following behind them, where there's Rick Perry or Michele Bachmann or whatever, but there is still a sense of what would we be getting ourselves into if they actually governed the country?
But you know what's so interesting about our politics in this country is you are what you looked like.
What do you think of Barack Obama's performance?
I'm not happy with it.
How long have you lived in America?
I live here, oh, over 20 years.
You love it, don't you?
I do love it.
But you're very much an L.A. girl, right?
I love London.
And all of the big stars tend to live here, right?
Yes.
Marlon Brandon?
Yes, Marlon Brando was fantastic.
Give me a little taste of it?
No.
Did you grasp why a man would behave like that?
Yes.
Who knows?
You're on Twitter all the time.
Can you imagine doing something like that?
No.
Can you imagine standing in front of a mirror and photographing yourself?
I personally wouldn't have communication with people I didn't know.
Does it matter?
I think it matters.
Are you not quietly encouraging this kind of behavior?
No, I'm not quietly encouraging it.
I want one of those affairs Jackie Collins is writing about?
They do.
What's rude sex?
Well, you don't want me to tell you on this show.
Where are you going with this?
ORGAN: So, I know you weren't born four years before me.
How do you preserve yourself so brilliantly?
I'm a one man band.
Joan's big secret is she never goes to the sun, hasn't done since she's 21, right?
She's in the sun all the time, Piers.
You were in Saint-Tropez?
Not recently, but the last time I was there, she was there.
Were you like that?
When I came to America, being English, I threw myself out on my pool every day.
What is the secret of continuing to write books that people buy in such huge numbers, do you think?
I think it's because I write characters that they are interested in.
What do you think having been through this now several times, what do you recommend to people?
Well, there's no best way to deal with it.
Are you still on the dating scene?
I live my life like an affluent bachelor.
What does it mean?
It means when I was a kid growing up, I would read my father's "Playboy."
No?
I have a man for every occasion.
How many occasions are we talking about here?
Oh, well, that would be revealing too much.
What's been your overview of the male species?
I think men are fantastic.
Should women ever fully trust the man they're with?
No, no.
You're nice on this show, horrendous on the other show -- road to everybody, right?
Honest is what I'm afraid you're looking for.
How many copies do you think shift to this world?
I love that.
What is your Twitter address?
JackieJCollins.
What is yours?
It's at @PiersMorgan.
What do you think about that?
I write good sex, that's why.
Gloria, how are you?
I'm very well.
So, I suppose the obvious question for me is how's the back?
Titanium reinforced.
And when they hit those, sort of, landmarks, that's scary, isn't it?
STEFAN: Well, that's where you see I'm going by, because I feel better than ever.
Tell me about this new album because this is the first English speaking album in five years?
No, actually, since 2004 --
So, what was he like to work with -- same kind of thing?
It's a big fun.
How old were you at the time?
I was two year -- just under two years old when you came.
You have no memory presumably of this?
I have memories of my father, his smell, the night he left, the day he came back from the Bay of Pigs.
How much of your huge success did he get to see?
None, actually because when he came back from Vietnam, I was about 13 years old and he went downhill very fast.
Really?
Yes.
What do you think he would -- given that he obviously knew you were musical and anything else, what would he have made of what happen to you?
STEFAN: I know what he would have made of it because a few years ago, I never listened to those tapes because it breaks my heart.
Have you listened to any of them since?
No, I can't.
What does it mean?
Wepa means absolutely nothing.
Did you scream Wepa when President Obama became president?
I did.
What did you feel in that moment?
It was transcendent.
You told the world, you played in almost every country, in some stage, when you see what used to be called emerging countries, China, India, Brazil, and others, really becoming now very faster super powers in their own right, when you see that, are you excited for that potential or like many Americans -- do you feel slightly intimidated and threatened by that?
No.
There's no point having a publicist anymore, isn't it?
No, exactly.
Why Emilio?
OK, I will let you know.
Why didn't the rest of us get a shot at it?
You were far away.
Only boyfriend you've ever had?
Yes.
How did you stay still chaste?
There were no male admirers.
How did priorities change after that?
Well, you know, our priority has always been our family.
When was the moment you walked again?
Actually, I walked again in the hospital after they reconnected me -- but not by myself.
That's true love, right?
Yes, it is.
Do you dream wistfully of the day that Castro is gone and you can go back to Cuba?
Well, go back -- I don't think I could ever live in Cuba because my home is Miami.
Wouldn't you, for the sake of your father, wouldn't it be quite a moment for you to fly to Cuba post-Castro to complete really the job that he start?
Well, I tell you this, my dream both on a personal level and on a professional level -- professional level, to sing in a free Cuba, to share my music with my people.
What does this all mean, "The Tanning of America"?
Well, tanning, I -- is a term I dubbed that represents the process of the next generation of kids that no longer see color when they see each other.
How much of that is done through social networking?
Well, I think social networking did a lot to help intensify the phenomenon.
-- what would you do?
I honestly think that he should speak to what he did with capturing Osama bin Laden.
And, you know, I feel for the fact that he has these headwinds in front of him and you know the Republicans are doing a very good job of painting that picture, like what did he do?
Let's talk brands here.
Which individuals out there right now do you think has a complete mastery of their brand and at the top of their game?
I think Beyonce.
Why did his brand collapse?
You cannot lie to the media.
Who are the smartest people you've worked with in terms of that?
Jay-Z.
But assuming he reads the book and he puts you in charge of rebranding him, remarketing "America, PLC," "America, Incorporated" -- what would you do to get this country back on its feet?
I think we need to -- we don't have the -- our export, our cultural -- our biggest export was our culture, you know, our movies, our stars.
Do you ever sit here, just the three of you sometimes, and think, how did we get here?
Every day.
I mean, I just wonder whether sometimes you have that moment where you just think how did this happen?
You know, I had the occasion to go back to the house I grew up in Ashton, Birmingham a few months ago.
Sharon, how did you do it?
I was kind of one up from Ozzy because we had inside bathrooms in our house.
If you had your time again, would you choose to be in that MTV show?
Absolutely, yes, because -- I mean, I wouldn't be here talking to you.
If you had the choice now to make that series or not?
It's a very difficult question for me to answer because I did -- it became huger than I ever expected it to be.
And what do you think of that, coming from Britain and going back there and seeing it's so much more prevalent now, given what it did to you and your life and the impact on your family?
Well, I'm lucky.
Do you feel lucky that none of your kids ended up like Amy Winehouse?
Lucky is not the word.
What about you?
I think she said -- she's including you as one of the children, Ozzy.
How do they think their bodies can continue doing this, and doing this?
But then at the same time, it has nothing to do with the size, the age, the width, (INAUDIBLE), it's to do with the look.
People you've known?
A lot.
What do you feel?
Yes.
When you watched her talking about that, Ozzy, what did you feel?
It's only now, it's only after the fact, my folks never said, you know, I didn't think about anything.
I mean, that's an extraordinary moment to reach, isn't it?
I don't know, because I can't remember.
Well, in a funny way, in the movie -- in the movie, it was a bit surreal watching that because, Sharon was able to kind of deal with it in a relatively calm way when in fact it must have been at the time just grotesque, wasn't it?
It was -- it was pretty damn scary because, you know, you're in a house, no neighbors each side, your kids are asleep.
What was the answer when you ask yourself that?
Oh, God, yes.
How would you imagine that you're a shrinking violet in any relationship, Sharon?
No, as harder -- as hard as Ozzy would hit me, I would clobber him back.
What do you feel when you hear that?
Honestly, it's just kind of --
Never in front of the kids?
No.
What?
You never hit a girl.
So what about you (EXPLETIVE DELETED) hitting us then?
Yes, that's exactly right.
But do you feel, Ozzy, you're a completely different human being now?
Well, yes.
And to put the flipside on it, was it for a long time great fun being Ozzy Osbourne?
It was great fun until it wasn't.
Enough of this?
I don't know.
Sharon, would you go along with that?
No.
Had you pissed on me as well?
And Jack just cracked up.
You don't agree, Ozzy?
No.
It wasn't Jack reacting to you?
Maybe was.
Jack, do you remember the incident your mom is talking about?
Yes.
What have you got against bats?
Nothing.
Really?
I did some have crazy stuff when I was out there, you know.
Am I misreading the tea leaves?
My mom's a very strong-willed woman.
Is that understood?
Without a doubt.
Even now, though?
The whole thing was --
Really?
Dad likes to slam things.
Ozzy, would you say you have anger management issues?
Not really.
What was that like, do you think, in reality for the family?
It was the strangest thing because we were all on such a big high from the show being such a success.
Why are we living our lives in this crazy soap opera when it's so serious?
They were very respectful.
Did you think Ozzy could have coped if you had died?
No.
Jack, what was it like for you?
No one really told me the severity of it.
What were you thinking, Ozzy, as you were lying in hospital?
I wanted to get out.
Never boring, is it?
No.
How did he feel about the way you were enjoying all that fame?
On his death bed, this is what he -- on his death bed, he said to me -- the only thing I have to say to you -- he thought all drugs were speed or sleeping pills.
Do you think he would have been very proud of you, of what you've now done with your life?
I know he would.
Really?
Yes.
I mean, he was a nice guy in his own way, you know?
Sharon, you had very much more complicated relationship with your father.
When that happened, what was your real emotion when you realized he was no longer going to be any part of your life?
I got the most amazing gifts from my father, the gift of music.
Horrified?
I was pissed.
Really?
I'd been drinking big time.
What did you think when you heard it?
I don't know.
What did I think?
All I could think of was, because as usual, as soon as Ozzy and I get down to a table, we're throwing in the food, and he had a big pat of butter on his crotch.
Do you care much?
No.
I don't understand it, you know?
It is an almost impossible job these days because the news cycle is so relentless, that people just get bored with the president very quickly, (INAUDIBLE), how it's a better story.
What do you think, Sharon?
I don't know.
Do you think President Obama is still too young?
I think he's an incredible man.
What do you think of America?
I just like it.
Did you ever imagine, Jack, your father would become a sort of medical advisory board?
It wouldn't surprise me.
How did it keep going?
I haven't got a clue.
Do you feel like all the torment has been worth it?
Yes.
We're so lucky, you know?
You know, I was meant to be with Sharon and Sharon was meant to be with me.
Jack?
Oh, yes.
Where did we find little Jack?
Jack is a lone voice of sanity.
Is that right?
Yes.
How do you feel?
I'm excited.
Ozzy, how are you feeling about this?
I'm in shock.
Good shock?
I think it is fabulous.
You are not a grandma, right?
No.
Do you actually like pizza?
Yes, I love pizza.
Did you say impressive second?
Impressive second.
Is there ever an impressive second?
Well, yes, because I'm --
You're a winner, aren't you?
Yes, I'm a winner.
You know?
I mean in business, there's never an impressive second.
Why don't we -- why don't we do it again?
Yes.
Yes, but you won't be happy if you almost become the Republican candidate?
No.
Will you?
Absolutely not.
Who would you respect the most?
Well, I would say that Speaker Gingrich and Governor Mitt Romney are the two that I have the greatest amount of respect for.
And who do you have the least respect for?
Let's just stick with the one that I have the most respect for.
Why?
Because most of his ideas and positions are eliminate, end rather than fix.
Why not?
Because most of my career in addition to running organizations, turning around businesses, I have studied, written, and spoken a lot on the topic of leadership.
And what are your conclusions about Rick Perry and Michele Bachmann?
When I listen to their answers to questions, most of the time they get off track because they don't -- either don't answer the question or they are not working on the right problem.
And you've made a mistake?
I misspoke.
Did you misspeak or did you make a mistake?
I misspoke.
Did you know what you just said?
No, no.
But could you be the American president and just sit back over time on these hot issues and say, I don't know?
Piers, for me to say whether Benjamin Netanyahu was right or wrong based only on the optics of it is not good judgment.
Would you be happy if you were president in Afghanistan, for American military leaders there to continue negotiating and paying Taliban leaders if they felt that it was for the greater good of not necessarily winning the war in Afghanistan, but winning the battle against terrorism?
If the commanders on the ground told me that that was a tactic, that they saw was beneficial, I would approve of it because --
All the Taliban are terrorists?
Yes, the Taliban are terrorists.
If you negotiate with them in any capacity, aren't you negotiating with terrorists?
Yes, but you see, some of the people that they are doing some of these things, they are citizens that they are converting to basically be on our side.
Is it more of a mind field morally, ethically, than perhaps you've thought before as you get closer and you start to have to wrestle with all these dilemmas?
No.
How do you deal with the element in the Tea Party that is overly racist?
Let me say that my experience has been, there is no more a racist element in the Tea Party than there is in the general population at large.
What do you say to Morgan Freeman, to Harry Belafonte, to others who've been quite vocal about this?
I say, go to a Tea Party.
How po' was it?
Well, when your dad was working very, very hard, and we could only get lunch money one day a week to go to grade school, and the other four days our lunch consisted of whatever my mother could scrape together from the dinner the night before.
What do you remember about that, the fact that you had so little?
What I remember most about having so little is we appreciated what little we had.
Do you feel that by comparison, most of the people calling themselves poor, have no idea of the kind of poverty that so many -- millions of Americans had to endure that you did?
I would say that that is true but I don't want to over generalize.
Has it been spoiled?
Some of the population has been spoiled.
Why?
I mean I agree with Ron Paul.
What about these guys?
Those are not the people that were protesting on Wall Street.
Why?
I know some of these people.
They would say it's outrageous?
Well, Piers, I did reel against it because the problem is multilevel.
How much is the fault of the people themselves?
I would say that 50 percent of it is Obama's fault, 25 percent of it is Wall Street's fault, and 25 percent of it is the individual's fault.
Do you think it's a sin?
I think it's a sin because of my biblical beliefs and although people don't agree with me, I happen to think that it is a choice.
You believe that?
I believe that.
You believe people -- seriously, you think people get to a certain age and go, I think I want to be homosexual?
Let me turn it around to you.
Where is the -- where is evidence?
Just common -- you're a commonsense guy.
Are you a common sense kind of guy?
You genuinely think --
Do you?
You haven't given me any evidence to convince me otherwise nor has anyone else.
You concede I might be right?
That's my -- you might be right, but what I'm saying is this is just my opinion.
What's your view of abortion?
I believe that life begins at conception.
No circumstances?
No circumstances.
Why?
You're mixing --
I think you would concede, you've backtracked, haven't you?
Well, you media people call it flip flopping.
What would you call it?
I call it explaining the intent of my comment.
Are there extremist Christians?
Yes.
What was it?
The media came up with a loyalty test.
What was it?
My test was simply, you have peaceful Muslims, you have extremists.
From any religion?
From any religion.
What would you say now that you're nearing the stage of possibly being president, to make them feel less concerned?
If you are truly a peaceful Muslim in this country, I have no problem with you.
Have you learned to be slightly more cautious about how many flags of caution you raise?
Not yet.
You had no idea you had them?
I had no idea that I had tumors in my liver, because when I went to get the cat scan and I got the results, they won't tell you the results.
When you hear tumors and liver, you're thinking, this could be the end?
Yes.
When did you realize you were going to make it?
I realized I was going to make it -- first of all, I to go through chemotherapy, double surgery, recuperate from the double surgery, where they took out 30 percent of my colon, 70 percent of my liver, recuperate, go through some more intensive chemotherapy.
Why is it your lucky gold tie?
Because I believe in the gold standard that we never should have gotten off of.
Why don't you like using African-American, by the way?
Because as I trace my roots back in this country, the majority of my roots -- the ones that are more meaningful to me were the slaves that were my foreparents, my forefathers.
Why was that?
Because of my age.
What did you do?
I drove over to Sears, bought me some clippers and a set of clippers, and went home and cut the my own hair.
Have you really?
Yes, I have.
Doesn't look too bad, actually?
I just did this this morning.
Will you continue to cut your own hair?
I might not, just because of the time required.
What are the values that they instilled you in that you would take to the White House?
First, my faith, belief in God.
Into a nice house?
But more importantly, it provided enough such that after my dad passed at the age of 56, we could take care of my mother comfortably, because she had Alzheimer's.
What would they have made of you right now, where you found yourself?
My mother's probably in heaven going, my, my, my, my.
Are you the guy, you think, that could beat him?
I believe that I could beat him, because I think that, number one, my leadership ability would come through even in a debate in terms of how I would approach problems.
Do you actually like pizza?
Yes, I love pizza.
Do you eat it?
I do eat it.
What is your favorite pizza?
AIN: My favorite pizza is to obviously with a nice tangy tomato sauce.
A bit like you, fiery?
Yes.
Emotional?
Yes.
Passionate?
Meaty.
How would you describe the mood there?
It's just been electric all day, Piers.
Do we have a clearer picture?
Well, this is -- this is our understanding at the moment.
What have I done to you?
Extraordinary.
Was he really hit by crossfire as they tried to take him to the hospital as the NTC claims, or was this a mob out of control and someone decided to execute him on the spot?
Dan, for now, thank you very much.
And I guess the other question I'd ask you is, do you care?
I care about one thing.
How do you see the future for Libya mapping out?
Well, the future for Libya is going to very bright.
And Your Highness, do you hope to have a role yourself in any future Libyan government?
No, I'm not talking about government.
What happens about oil now?
Well, oil going to be -- going to be developed, bring back to 1.6 to 2 million barrels a day.
When you saw the video footage, how did you feel?
It is an understatement if I tell you that -- I can't even describe.
Where were you when you heard the news?
I was in my office when we first heard the news.
What is your view of that?
Well, I certainly think we should be talking to the transitional national council as it moves to establish a government in Libya.
Where does this rank in terms of significance, the demise of Moammar Gadhafi, do you think?
This is a huge milestone.
You know the scenario there, isn't there, about how he met his maker?
There is.
Do you think that we're seeing a whole sea change here in terms of American foreign policy?
Well, I think this is historic, and I don't think it's going to be a precedent that is going to lead us to move into Syria or other places.
What do you think will happen in Libya in the short to middle term?
Well, I have a lot of friends who are pretty wary.
What were your thoughts today when you heard that he's finally gone?
Well, the first thought was, this was an erratic mysterious who was murderous and defiant to the end.
This was a triumph for the moment, the question now is, can we build on that triumph and help the Libyans become what they can become?
Well, it's interesting you say that, I've got someone you now well, General Mark Kimmitt, with me.
What do you think?
Well, I think, first of all, Dan Rather was precise in his forecast and I very much associate myself with those comments as well.
Or does that in itself concern you?
Well, it doesn't concern me.
Isn't this extraordinary what is going on?
It's absolutely extraordinary.
Are they equipped, do you think, the NTC, to build a new government?
Well, the NTC has, I think, made great strides since the uprising started in February.
Is it harder when you have so many different tribal elements?
I think the divisions that we're seeing in Libya and the fault lines that I just mentioned a minute ago do make it difficult, I think, to really go very quickly, that is at least in a kind of democratic direction, the way that we in the west would like to see.
How do you feel about that?
Well, I think everyone in the Gadhafi regime that was involved with terrorist attacks against America should be held accountable.
Or are you happy that he was possibly executed in fairly brutal fashion by the rebels?
Well, a month ago, I had met with the current Libyan president -- President Jalil, who pledged to me that he and his regime wanted to bring Gadhafi to justice, not only for the murder of -- of John and other innocent civilians, but also for the murder of his people.
How are you?
Thank you, Piers: Good to be here.
So, an honest debate, you feel you've been muzzled?
Well, once they fire you, Piers.
How would you honestly have felt?
I think it was being ridiculous.
So, are you saying you were ridiculous?
No, I'm saying they would be ridiculous to try to draw such an analogy, because remember, there is a reality after 9/11.
And you know what, Piers?
You still feel uncomfortable.
What do you do when you get on a plane and you see the Muslim in a Muslim garb?
Nothing.
What was the honest debate you hoped to have by saying you feel uncomfortable around Muslims on planes?
It's right there.
Isn't that what you were doing?
No, absolutely not.
You're not putting them in a box?
No, and here's the thing.
You have no regrets, seriously?
No.
I would have, that's the thing, you know?
You didn't.
Doesn't it?
Not at all.
No, and I'll tell you what?
It would have seen it as a form of racial stereotyping.
If it was, what is he doing as the standard bearer for the Tea Party now?
I would agree with him.
Do they have a point?
Well, I don't know they have a point because they haven't proven it.
-- against -- as he calls President Obama -- an African- American?
I wrote just such a column, just such a column for foxnews.com.
Are you as proud today as you were two or three years ago?
We'll talk.
What do you think?
Well, you know, I think there's no question we're not solving our problems, that we are not taking action, that we are stuck, we are paralyzed politically.
I mean, as a black American, what did you feel the day that you had your first -- not you -- America had its first black president?
Well, I'll tell you two things.
Emotional for you personally?
Absolutely.
Has he been disappointing?
I think the whole situation's been disappointing.
Has he personally do you think?
ILLIAMS: Well, I think personally he's been trying.
Who is the Republican who right now do you think would have the best chance of beating Barack Obama?
Mitt Romney.
Do you think he could beat him?
"Could" is a very strong word.
WILLIAMS: This is the Arthur Laffer piece?
Yes.
The simplify indication of the code as a starting point for the debate is not a bad place to have, is it?
But no, and it resonates with the American public that's absolutely fed up with the idea of so many loopholes, deductions, tax credits and the like, and the idea that G.E. and others, these large corporations pay no taxes while you and I are looking at the bill and screaming bloody murder.
When you look back over this extraordinary run you've had, what do you think of your career?
Well, I think the first thing that pops into my mind is I'm happy but I want more.
Is that the secret, to always stay hungry, do you think?
I think so.
You yourself have survived ovarian cancer, didn't you?
Yes.
Is that right?
Exactly.
How old were you, if you don't mind me asking?
It's been eight years, so I would have been 55.
I mean, that is the moment everybody dreads, isn't it, just right there?
I just began to shake just nonstop all afternoon.
If you had your time again, would you go public, do you think?
Yes.
What impact did it have on your life, the whole experience?
Well, I lost my hearing a little bit.
Permanently?
Yeah, from chemo.
You can hear me perfectly well, right?
Oh yes.
You wear aids on the set then, as well as microphones and stuff?
Yes.
Are you completely clear of the cancer?
Yes.
How did it change your outlook on life?
It sounds corny to say -- and it took me awhile because right after it, I went through a depression, which I'm hearing now is more and more common.
When you watch it back now, how do you feel?
Like I wish I had another cosmopolitan.
How many did it take?
It took a couple to get in the tub.
But to see a script where it says right, at this point, Kathy, you're going to get naked and get into a hot tub, what is your first thought when you see that?
I'm glad I did it now.
Were you also being protective of yourself?
Oh, I'm sure.
What did Jack make of it all?
He was very cool.
Are you friendly with Jack Nicholson?
No, I must say I'm not.
Is he really?
ORGAN: Yeah, he hasn't done a TV interview in about 50 years apparently.
What's he like to be around, to work with?
He's an enigma really.
Really?
Yes.
Because it was such a huge hit?
ATES: It was.
What are you feeling in that second?
I think I closed my eyes and thought, here we go.
Did you really?
I did.
What do you make of what's going on now in Washington, President Obama, the whole political shakeup at the moment?
Well, you know, I have to kind of go back and say that I -- I grew up in Memphis, Tennessee.
Who do you mean by the rat bastards?
Well, I think he has got to indict these guys from Wall Street.
ORGAN: Because you believe that basically that was the catalyst for all the problems that are going on now?
I think it was the catalyst for many.
Do you feel alarmed by what you see?
I do.
When you see the Tea Party candidates ant the views that they espouse, what do you think?
I don't espouse their views.
You think Obama has it in him?
I think he's that in him.
But don't you think, playing Devil's advocate, when you watch back "Primary Colors," it has always been ruthless?
It's like in my hoe, we have a guy in "Harry's Law," Tommy Jefferson.
Dying to know what made you say yes?
I was married to two pricks, but one thing they can't do is lie convincingly.
It's a great part, isn't it?
Yeah.
I think everyone would love to be her, huh?
Yeah.
How bad was it?
You can Google it.
You enjoy the status of television icon?
Sure.
Oh, well, you know?
You're that guy.
How does it go down with all your famous friends?
Well, some of my --
Is it lonely out there?
It's pretty lonely, but you know they seem to tolerate me somehow, because I can at least state myself eloquently and without actually kind of assuming what they -- the veneer of what they assume is what a Republican is, as some kind of nasty, strange villain that, you know, should be vilified and hated.
So, you did do the hard yards of theatrical trainings, didn't you, to be a serious actor?
Yes.
Did you ever imagine at that stage, at Juilliard, you're looking around, all these talented people presumably -- did you ever imagine in your wildest dreams or maybe nightmares the level of fame that you would one day get through acting?
No.
And in the back of your mind all you're thinking of is this could tank, and then what?
Yes.
You trained with him at the Julliard, didn't he?
Yes, we were together in school.
But is part of that because you've managed to deal with so many of the demons that you carry?
Yes.
What was the -- what was the wake up moment for you?
Well, there were -- there were several along the way, where I just -- you know, I'd sit there and say, I've got to stop.
How did you manage to stop in the end?
Well, actually, I did go to Betty Ford, and that helped.
Do you drink alcohol?
I have a drink sometimes, yes.
You can drink in moderation?
Yes, yes.
How did it feel to you?
It's interesting.
Did she fire a gun at you?
That was another night.
You married her after she shot at you?
Yes, no, this is the -- this is what --
Wasn't that a warning sign, get off it?
I tell you, it was absurdly across -- a shot across the bow.
A woman shoots at me, I'm thinking twice about the marriage, you know?
So that fell apart pretty quickly.
This must have been like hell, wasn't it?
Well, I have to -- I mean, I have to tell you, my -- "The Real Housewives" was my parting gift to her.
But -- I mean, how are things?
Well, they're not good.
Do you have any kind of dialogue with her?
We have no contact, no.
How is your relationship with them?
Oh, it's great.
You get plenty of access?
Well, they're trying to -- they're doing their best to actually kind of make that difficult for me right now.
Do you think she married you because you were Kelsey Grammer, TV icon?
No, I think she married me because I was Frasier.
Really?
I think it was Frasier.
What's been worst thing, the most hurtful thing she said about you?
Well, you know, I haven't been keeping track of everything, so there might be something that would surprise me.
What's the most unfair labeling?
She once said that I didn't want my daughter.
Yes, well, it would, wouldn't it?
Yes.
To England from New York?
From Los Angeles.
From Los Angeles?
Yes.
Well, you know what?
Because Kayte is a very beautiful young lady, as we can see here.
Did she know who you were?
Oh, I think she knew who I was, but she didn't know who I am.
What is it about her you think that enabled her to deal with all this?
She believes in love.
Are you really enjoying it?
It's been -- it was a presumptive joining (ph) of the work every day.
Do you like him or not?
I love him.
Isn't that you, in the end?
Absolutely.
Do you feel for the first you've gone back to the joy of life you had as a young boy?
RAMMER: Yes.
Ma, can I go?
No.
Mom?
No.
How are you feeling?
I feel great, actually.
What do you feel?
I feel like -- across the years, it's been, like, mixed emotions.
And did your mom always have this inkling you had what it took?
I don't think so.
Do you feel you missed out on anything?
Of course.
What do you feel that you missed on?
Stupid things like passing notes in school and having a locker and riding the bus, I mean, really stupid things.
It can be lonely, can't it?
It is.
And I think I was good at separating that and being, like, OK, well, they get this, but I get this, you know?
If your little boy gets to about 8 or 9...
... I want to be star, how can you stop it?
Oh, it's so hard.
Why would you be so concerned?
From when I started to now, the industry is so different.
What is the least perfect thing about you?
Oh.
You couldn't find anything?
For you, the halo is, like, clasped on your head.
What did you call Faye Dunaway?
Oh, this is a long time ago.
How bad was it?
You can Google it.
Do you believe in love at first sight?
I'll let you know.
How could I have seen you before and not know who you are now?
Maybe you were looking, but you weren't really seeing.
I mean, you've made a lot of money, haven't you?
I have.
Why not?
I have done quite well.
And said to her -- (INAUDIBLE) remind what you say to her?
No, no.
Do you like that?
Yes, I love that!
Did it keep her quiet?
Well, she came back and said, you know, Oh, I never made that comment, and blah, blah, blah.
I mean, why would she say that to me?
ORGAN: Well, I'm all for feuds.
Now, how many terrible frogs did you have to kiss before you got to him?
Quite a few.
Who has the worst list, do you think?
Oh, him by far.
Didn't you have Kim Kardashian on the show?
I don't think even hers is bigger than that.
Is that what he gave you as an engagement ring?
Yes.
Really?
Yes, I have.
Did you actually write this?
I did.
Who are the 1 percent?
Well, the 1 percent, they have about 40 percent of all the wealth in this country.
Is this really a protest against capitalism, as some have been saying, or is it a protest against capitalist greed and abuse of capitalism?
Well, it depends on who you asked.
What's wrong with me?
Yes.
You're in the 1 percent, right?
I'm not in the 1 percent.
Probably 0.2 percent?
No.
You're not in if 1 percent?
Of course I'm not.
How can I be in the 1 percent?
Because you're worth millions.
Well, then if you believe that about me, then that's really something, isn't it?
No, I'm asking if you accept that.
Where is Monica?
Hi.
What do you think the answer is?
Well, for me, I mean, I am a person with a master's degree who has been unemployed since I graduated.
Are there lots of people to blame?
I think there is some of that.
If you were slicing a pie up, how would you fairly do it?
OK.
But just a sense of where you think the majority of blame lies here?
OK.
As far as blaming the American people, I mean, haven't they been through enough really?
Well, they have.
Nobody went against probably all the guidelines from their parents?
No, no.
I mean there has to be some sense of self-blame, doesn't it?
No.
And what is the simple answer to getting America back to work?
Well, it's one of the answers, yes.
What is your view of the jobs crisis and where the president now is on this?
Well, I think that it's very hard to find a job, no matter what you've got, whether you have a high school education or a master's.
What's your gut feeling?
I think computers have changed the world.
What do you do about the fact that computers can now do, in some cases, the jobs of a thousand people?
Well, first of all, that's a good thing.
Why are they holding on to the money?
ORGAN: Yes.
What's been your concern?
My biggest concern, obviously, I'm not going to be able to find a job.
How much debt have you wracked up?
I'll be close to probably 50, 60,000.
And you know how can America compete if the brains of the country are being treated in this way?
And where they have to go out into the real world at 22 years old or 24 with this crushing debt.
Now you've come from a country where -- you know, how much debt do students have when they're 23 years old and they leave university?
Well, I see increasingly a lot.
Or a city school here, huh?
A thousand dollars.
What do you think?
If I were president -- and I'm not announcing, by the way, on your show.
I mean would she be better off being poorer?
Well, you haven't been poor.
They wouldn't get the funding, wouldn't they?
They would get -- they would get no help and they would have Republican candidates saying, well, that's your own problem.
How important is the tax issue?
It's very important.
Why?
Because the wealthy have not been paying their fair share.
What was wrong with the way we used to have it?
Well, no, I mean --
Really, what was wrong?
Let's not be too --
With that?
Let's not be too rose tipped it, because there would be people from previous generations who will have a myriad of problems, too.
What is a good capitalist?
Well, the thing, again, when we were growing up, there was a system that said -- I mean the way I described it, I think I might have said this last time I was on the show, that the contract with the workers, between the workers and the owners was that if you the worker have worked hard and the company prospered, you prospered.
Who do you blame?
I blame myself part of it, absolutely.
Do you have any confidence that people are going to come up with answers to get you out of this problem?
No.
What do you think has happened to the American dream?
Yes, I don't know.
What do you think?
Yes, I mean, my loan was, you know, underperforming.
Mr. Perkins?
Hello.
Is the message clear?
I think that their message should be more defined.
How big a part of this is disquiet and concern over health care in this country, do you think?
Well, I think a lot of it is.
I mean this is -- this is -- we're not going to take this anymore, we're not going to listen to this kind of argument because these are the victims of this and they are -- and fortunately -- can I just say one thing -- good news?
Yes.
Mr. Mooney?
Yes.
You know, you know how all Americans feel or just how you feel in California?
OK.
Very quickly, Michael, your response?
I live in Michigan, thank you, though.
Who is the real Steve Jobs?
He's a risk taker, a gambler, charismatic, compelling.
Can you be a genius without being all these things?
You know I used to work at this network, and I work for Ted Turner, and I think every one of those adjectives applied to him.
What was your reaction when he first came to you?
Well, you're right.
The obvious questions to me when I finished the book is did you like him?
I did.
Was he likable?
He was compelling and likable because when you first meet him, you're afraid, OK, you've heard all the tales.
You know, and salute him and all the rest of it, but likable?
Well, you know, there are certain types of behavior you don't like.
Is that what it was all about, you think?
I think he had an artistic sensibility.
ORGAN: Didn't he even choose his own cover?
I got chewed out -- I mean the one time I really got chewed out is because he said, I'm going to have no control over this book.
And he was right, you think?
You just said so.
He's the engineering genius, right?
And as Steve said he's 50 times better than any engineer that Steve has ever met, Steve Jobs has ever met.
Did they have any type of contact at all even to the point when Steve was publicly obviously dying?
No.
Because he obviously had this huge curiosity about his real parents, but did he feel great anger, do you think, towards his father in particular?
I don't think he felt anger toward his father.
It became a company that was global in both its brand in terms of its power, its influence, and he really did teach the world to think differently, didn't he?
The amazing thing about the iPod is here's a personal computer company.
How important was his wife in his life?
You know, everything about Steve is the connection of sort of the romantic, sort of ethereal poetic side of Steve, and the realistic, smart sensible side.
Yes, but, how many people have marriages like that -- that are incredibly tight, faithful, in which they really sort of fit together, both the sensible side and the poetic side?
(INAUDIBLE) that there should be (INAUDIBLE) in all this book, it shouldn't be some valedictory he's all fantastic, this should be what he's really like.
Have you had a reaction from her?
No, I don't, I mean, no.
Are you surprised?
No, no, I've -- I've been in touch.
When it came to his illness, do you think he ever really appreciated that he was going to die or did he exude an air of infallibility to you?
I think that he understood mortality even before he got cancer and there are so many people who remember him as a young man saying, you know, we all are going to die.
Preposterous though it seemed at the time, him to come to you and say I want the man who did the biography of Einstein to write about me, does it seem quite so preposterous today?
I'd put him in the line with Edison and Ford and certain Ben Franklin and if you're going to try to figure out what genius is, you can start with Einstein but somewhere in one of those orbits you've got to have Steve Jobs.
Are you actually Italian?
I'm an Italian-American.
Do you feel Italian?
I do in that after studying in college and kind of figuring out the restaurant business from the American's perspective, I moved to a tiny little hill town between -- between Florence and Bologna and lived there for three and a half years, which is really where I learned to speak Italian.
Are you fluent now?
Completely.
Come Stai?
Benissimo, (inaudible).
How are you seeing the economy impact on those people just from what your business tells you?
Well, we're -- I have 19 restaurants, 9 of which are around New York City and we have everything from a pizzeria with a $30 check average to a four star Italian restaurant with $160 check average.
If you were running the country, what would you do to fix this malaise?
I'm -- I'm not sure.
No, but what does Mrs. Batali think watching this?
We had dinner last week.
What do you think sometimes?
Life smiles upon those who smile upon life.
As someone who has come from nothing to achieve what you have achieved, what -- what do you tell these people?
I say the best way to do it is at least 20 percent of the time try to find a way to do something for somebody else who hasn't asked you to do it because that builds your karmic account.
What's the concept of this?
Well, there's -- there's two kind of concepts going at the same time.
How much weight have you lost?
I lost about 50 pounds, from the time that we worked on the Spain series, which I believe was at my biggest.
Was it too much paella?
There was -- yes -- too much -- too much paella and just in general too much of everything.
Well, did you have a moment where you woke up and went, enough?
No, you know what, I saw the first screening of the show and I said I can't believe how big I look.
Heidi, how are you?
Piers.
Really?
Yes.
Really?
Yes.
Really?
Happy wife, happy life.
Why don't we leave your husband out of this for the time being?
Come on, let's do it.
You're quite bossy, aren't you?
I am.
Do you always get your own way?
But you see you did it.
Really?
Yes.
I mean, you boss him around?
He's big, but he's very gentle.
Do you feel lucky to have met Seal?
Of course.
Because it felt like the pair of you had been sort of searching for each other and then you collided, and you have this extraordinary life with hundreds of children and fabulously successful careers?
Four.
Was it really?
Yes.
What were you both doing there?
I was just visiting a friend.
You knew him, right?
I hadn't met him before.
And did he know you?
No.
So what happened next?
I told him to sit down, have a pizza with us.
Literally, like that?
Yes.
And he hasn't got a clue you're Heidi Klum the supermodel?
No.
He doesn't know, seriously?
No.
So what happens then?
Then we met each other again, but always with friends.
It was pretty good?
It went like this and normally we'd go and we just went like this.
And who gripped who?
We both gripped each other.
And what were you thinking in that second?
I got really hot.
Did you think this is the guy?
I was like, oh, wow.
Had you kissed lots of frogs to get to this point?
Yes.
Otherwise, things just don't get done, do they?
So you squeeze hands, and then you get married.
He had an igloo built on a mountain?
Yes.
Wait, what was the song?
He just made something up.
How could any woman resist this?
Exactly.
And what were his exact words of proposal?
"Do you want to marry me?"
What did you say?
I said yes.
And then what happened?
And then nine months later Henry was born.
How do you be a mother to four children with everything else you do?
You know, I don't know how that happened.
Are there any more planned?
No, that's it
Do you like working with him?
I do.
How do you keep this skinny figure that you have?
I don't.
Did you ever imagine when you started it would be nine seasons?
No way.
-- right?
I am.
Did I pronounce that right?
Yes.
Was that always the dream for you?
No, not at all.
You conquered the world of modeling, didn't you?
A little bit.
-- exciting moment for you?
Every one and it still is, because everyone is a little step again.
Not thin enough and too short?
For this industry, yes, because the designers, such as him, they require the girls to be a certain weight, height and size.
And, also, it's dangerous sort of nonsense that he's starting, isn't it?
I mean, I --
If I don't, I go back to Germany and I do something else, you know?
I mean, there is a danger --
Any -- any scalpel at any stage?
No.
Would you ever?
I mean, I don't want to say never.
Who are you doing it for?
I don't know.
Is your great gift, if you like, the fact that you're secure in yourself, you're self-confident?
Yes, I have --
You like making money, don't you?
That, too.
Where did you get that from?
I don't know if I'm that smart at it.
ORGAN: Is that true?
That's true.
-- keen to do that?
I've been here since '94.
How do you think he's doing?
That is a tough question.
-- how do the Germans all feel when you when you became an American?
I still am a German, as well.
Oh, you are?
Yes.
Did you ever stop being a German?
I have a dual citizenship.
What do you think of America?
I really like it.
Modern -- in the -- in the modern era, in the last sort of 30, 40 years?
In Germany, definitely, yes.
What's next for the Heidi Klum Incorporated machine?
More designing.
Really?
From the things -- yes, that I cook up.
-- to, any of them, to get into fashion, would you worry about it, given the experiences you've had?
I would not push them.
-- a rock star like their dad?
Yes.
Well I -- I look forward to these kids growing up, actually, because they must -- they're going to look great and be very talented, aren't they?
Oh, they're a lot of fun.
What's your proudest achievement, you personally?
Oh, my family for sure.
And then what?
And you come home to a guy who just gets on bended knee in igloos and sings you crazy.
Who would've thought that to be 80s in Britain?
We survived the '80s.
But when you come to America now, how's it changed in all senses from when you first came out here?
Wow.
How was L.A. when we first came here, first?
Boring.
So how did you get kicked out?
Andy Taylor, who was a guitarist with Duran Duran, was standing on top of the hotel where there's a pool.
Modern bands just don't do this kind of thing, do they?
They haven't lived.
Really you're not a proper rock star, right?
E BON: Bloody jordies.
How are you finding the changing style of music?
Vinyl is here, actually.
How do you guys listen to music yourselves?
Well, ideally, I listen to music like that.
Do you?
Yes.
Do all of you do?
Yes.
Why do you prefer it?
It's better quality.
Vinyl is better, is it?
It's a better sound.
Is it, really?
It's a ritual, putting it on, getting it oust sleeve, making sure that there's no fluff on it, and putting it on and putting the needle on.
Are you guys on iTunes?
We are.
Or is all the money now just, from as I hear it, from touring and merchandise?
Well, obviously, there's been enormous problems with illegal downloads, which has affected the entire industry in a massive way.
How did you -- when you came on stage, how did you feel?
Terrible.
Which way around was it?
Well, actually, there was a middle person, Fiona, that Simon was living with.
Or you never really crossed that barrier?
It was something a little opportunistic about that, I think.
Did he really?
Yes.
Or how did he revive the Duran magic, do you think?
Well, I think really what Mark did was focus our attention on what we're good at.
Was it reminding you, as a fan, was it reminding you of what you're all really good at, or was it making you more adaptable to the modern market?
He said you don't have to try, you just have to do what you do, and that's what people want from you.
When you see what happened to Amy, what do you think of that?
Well, I think we were fortunate that we were a band, first of all, and that we always had each other.
She got so thin, didn't she?
Yes.
Did you not?
No.
Are these old fans of yours who've come with you or do you have a new breed?
A mix.
We're never speaking again?
I think being a band goes beyond friendship, actually.
Do you have a genuine ambition, or is it to keep going?
I think the keeping going and to create a body of work is one of the big ambitions.
Is it more of a primitive, because I would imagine you would be the first in that kind of stuff?
I like the idea of it, but I think, one, it is very time consuming.
Would you be in agreement you think?
Well, you know, Coachella was great.
Was it the best ever?
I think to that point --
ORGAN: Even at the height of the mania?
You can't just pick one.
In Duran Duran history?
Well, the Warren Cuccurullo.
When was that?
Pink Flamingos.
Pink Flamingo?
The groom wore more makeup than the bride.
I mean, you do for this show, but do you normally?
It's a tattoo.
When you're going out, do you still get the old gear on?
If I feel like it, you never know.
Simon, do you?
If I feel I need it, yes.
Who is the best other singer you have ever seen live?
Well, I love --
It's all about now, isn't it?
Absolutely.
Do you think that they have justification for their anger?
Well, I think some are very serious people.
And how do you feel about that?
I sort of think it's cool.
In other words, how much is personal responsibility got to come in to play when it comes to finances?
Well, you always say that but they were duped into doing mortgages.
What do you think of that, in particular?
Well, some of the banks are asking for fees just to keep your money.
What do you agree with?
Well, the biggest problem I have with what's happening with the system is the banks, unless you're like somebody like me -- if I want to borrow money, I can borrow all the money I want at the very -- at the rates that are the lowest rates I have ever seen.
But they have the money, right?
RUMP: They have the money.
How do you get through this apparently immovable wall now where the banks have the money but don't want to lend it and the economy is just trapped in hell?
Part of the problem that the banks have, in all fairness, Piers -- now I'm not a huge fan of the banks because I see what's happening.
Is there more that Barack Obama can do as president to unlock this, to move the paralysis?
You have to let the banks do their thing.
Did you agree with the bailing out of the banks after Lehman Brothers collapsed?
Well, I'll tell you this.
What do you say to that argument?
Well -- well, because they didn't really -- I mean, when you think of it, they got very cheap money and they paid it back.
Should the government have done that?
Well, that was the other argument.
Why have you become this talisman for them and what are you making of the Republican race at the moment?
Well, I think, first of all, they have some very good people running, and I've become friendly with some of them.
But how much of this is done to America just being at the moment oddly inherently weak?
We're weak.
Why has America stopped doing that kind of thing?
Well, the environmental approvals are impossible.
Bureaucracy is crazy here, right?
The bureaucracy is unbelievable.
Why can't the bureaucracy be eliminated?
Well --
Why can't somebody get a grip of that?
It can't be eliminated but it could certainly be made a lot quicker and a lot better and a lot more efficient.
So which of all these Republican candidates at the moment do you think has it in him to get America out of this mess?
Well, I have to start off by saying I think any of them would be better than what we have now.
How big a problem is this for the Republicans, that the guy that most people think is probably the best option can't get the right kind of traction?
Well, look.
Why is it, do you think?
Nobody knows.
Is he a bit dull?
I don't think so.
What do you make of him?
I think he's a terrific guy.
Does Herman -- could Herman Cain do that?
I think so.
It doesn't help anything, does it?
No.
What do you think of that?
You know it's sort of interesting.
Do you accept that what he produced is valid?
No, I don't necessarily.
But you believe he probably was born in America?
Well --
No?
I say he might have been.
Is it a sensible thing for him to do?
Well, I think it's good for him in the Republican primary.
Yes, what do you make of him?
Well, it's --
Because -- I mean in the debates he's pretty shocking, isn't he?
I don't know what happened because when you're with him he's great.
Is he -- is he articulate?
He is different.
Are you interviewing him?
I'd love to.
Can you put in a good word?
Well, I mean, I would.
Isn't that exactly the kind of environment you were thinking about and is it possible, given where we are, that you might still run?
RUMP: I'm looking.
Is that true?
Well, I think it's a very bad time to be raising taxes.
They're not going to get a job and they take that -- them off the unemployment number?
You're a big employer.
Do you know?
Thousands, tens of thousands of people.
What is the simple way to stimulate growth and jobs?
Well, I have two primary ways.
One of the great business men and creator that this country ever produced, right?
That's true.
Do you have any stuff, I guess, made for you and your companies in China?
I do have stuff made.
A lot?
Well, a lot because when you build a building, I mean --
What would you say?
Well, I'll tell you this.
Something you want to tell me?
It was very interesting because it was supposed to be about me, and then I looked at the script, I said, I don't want that about me.
Have you sent flowers?
No, I haven't, but I hope she does well.
Now what do you think of Oprah?
I think Oprah is great.
Is that part of the problem?
RUMP: I think we have a country that has tremendous untapped potential.
What should the new American dream, the realistic one, be now?
Well, again, I think the country has unbelievable potential, almost greater than before, if we allow it to happen.
And it would seem to me with a population now of, what, seven billion?
Right.
How are you enjoying this new -- this new outburst of young Trumps?
Well, I've never been a big fan of the name "grandfather," but that's what I am.
Are they all fresh faced, excited?
They're really good.
What does family mean to you?
Well, I think ultimately it's all about family.
Is there a remaining great ambition you have?
I think the thing that drives me is I love what I'm doing.
How would you like to be remembered?
Well, I think somebody that did a really good job aesthetically, I've gotten tremendous reviews on buildings and courses and clubs and all of the things I build, it's very important to me, the aesthetic, but also somebody that's put lots of people to work and created lots of happy families.
How do you think that the interviews you've done so far and the published tell-all book is all going down?
Well, certainly, I expected the book to make quite a big splash.
What do you say to that?
Well, I understand that completely.
And what was the mission?
Well, the mission is to have the ability to tell our story in our own words, and to be able to broker a reconciliation between Andrew and his mother, and also to offer a story about our lives that hopefully tells many people that you can have a healing experience through telling your own story.
Is it easier to say Andrew has, as some people say, $60 million, and then -- and then when people have that picture in their head of that sum of money, they can assess whether they believe it is ethically and morally right for you guys to profit -- or Catherine in particular, to personally profit further from telling the story of Bernie Madoff's crimes?
I don't feel that Catherine and Andrew have been hiding anything.
If it's so -- if it is not a secret and they're so open and public and everyone appears to know apart from me, why don't you just tell me?
I mean, this is -- I think --
In other words, how much money came from the Ponzi scheme to be invested or be used in Andrew's apparently legitimate end of the business?
Well, the money that Andrew earned in his career is what represents his net worth and that's what he's being sued for.
Do you think he is resolute now that he will never talk to him again?
I cannot imagine that he would.
What's your view of abortion?
I believe that life begins at conception.
No circumstances?
No circumstances.
If one of your female children, grandchildren was raped, you would honestly want her to bring up that baby as her own?
You're mixing two things here, Piers.
Why?
You're mixing two things here.
It's on the rocks?
Yeah, don't tell me that.
Still happily marry?
Yes, as far as I know.
Can it be normal for you and Jaycee?
Absolutely.
How's she?
Pretty awesome.
So how easy is it to just say, OK, we're going to rebuild and get on with our lives?
I think a lot of it depends -- is dependent upon Jaycee and her attitude.
Can you remember that feeling?
Absolutely.
I mean, like it was yesterday?
It was -- I had a really hard time accepting it.
Has your feeling subsided at all or do you feel this awful hate towards them?
I -- the hate fuels the fire for the changes that need to be made.
And the significance of that is what?
Well, it was not only the last thing that Jaycee touched that was her reality back then but it's also a symbol of new beginnings.
How do you hear?
Wow.
And what was your first thought when you -- when they did that?
I kind of blew it off because I had heard it so many times.
She knew?
She knew.
But she wouldn't tell you?
She needed it to come from them.
So you called the sheriff?
No.
I mean, you're sensing it's good news now?
I -- no, I -- no.
Do you remember?
No.
You were too excited?
Too excited.
What did her voice sound like after all that time?
Same, same.
Could you -- could you quite believe it?
No.
Was it like some strange fairytale ending to the nightmare?
Yes.
What emotions did you go through?
All kinds.
Can you block it out completely?
I have to.
Understatement, right?
It is the understatement of the year.
How do you tackle that kind of emotional dilemma?
Well, I think guilt is your word.
How are they dealing with the reality of discovery of the whole thing?
I think it's been extremely important that the media has respected -- thanks to the fabulous PR person, has respected their space.
What's been the thing that she realized other than just seeing you again that she missed the most?
Having a life.
Does she have ambition now?
Absolutely.
What's been the best part of it for you?
Being able to hold her.
Do you think she'll -- may meet a Mr. Right, get married, live a fairy tale life that you would imagine you wanted for your daughter?
I hope so.
Because she's 31 now?
I don't think -- she's had a normal relationship with a man at all.
Sort of awful flashbacks, nightmares?
She worked through some material early on and that's where the horse work was tremendously useful with her was that some of the early difficult experiences she was able to get in touch with in the arena with the horses, with my assistant and the other therapist assistants and --
When you bring in horses to somebody who loves animals, loves horses and so on, what's the concept for how that acts as therapy?
AILEY: It's actually so simple that it's hard to describe sometimes.
How vital is that do you think to what happened?
You can look at this wonderful woman right here, and you can see where so much of Jaycee's strength comes from, in her poise, in her ability to stare things straight down.
I mean, how would you sum up your feelings?
Sadness.
What did you see?
All of 2008, I was in Vegas along with Lavelle.
Was he ready to go?
Yes.
To do 50 shows?
Oh, yes.
Did you ever see him taking drugs of any kind?
Never.
-- Is this another Michael stunt?
Yes.
You saw that on CNN?
Yes.
Where were you?
I was at the Staples Center.
Did you see him much?
No, not at all.
So all this was sort of brand new to you?
Yes.
Does it seem like a weird other world?
It does.
Why would he?
So you're left with a terrible accident.
Have either of you ever heard him speak like that?
Never.
What was he planning to do?
We were going to do short films.
How good was Michael Jackson, as an entertainer?
The best.
How good a singer was he?
Amazing.
And dance-wise, mesmerize?
Top.
How do you think, finally, Michael would like to be remembered?
I think he would like to be remembered as someone that was always, you know, making sure that what he delivered to his fans and to his audience was original.
Michael, you were going to say?
I was going to agree with that and say that anything he wanted to do, he wanted it to be the best.
What did I say?
-- who wants to come forward.
Did you call me Anderson, John?
I did, and I'm very sorry about that.
You know, that behavior with the reporters earlier, you'd never see a conventional politician talking to them like that, and yet that is part of Herman Cain's charm, isn't it?
It is.
How likely from a legal point of view is that, do you think?
Well, I think it's quite likely.
What do you make of that?
Well, I would say more specifically that the GOP voters are not put off by these allegations because they went through the sexual harassment whiplash of the '90s, of the Anita Hill accusations against Clarence Thomas, then the Paula Jones accusations against President Clinton, where we saw a lot of feminists, you know, frankly, changing their tune when it came with sexual harassment.
What does that tell you about the nature of these allegations?
Well, it tells me two things.
What do you think of the central charge that there is a racist undertone to the way that people are now going after Herman Cain?
Well, I haven't seen a racist undertone to this.
Alan, you want to jump in there?
ERSHOWITZ: Yes, I think there's an enormous difference, no matter how despicable you might think that Edwards was, it was entirely voluntary.
Why would that make any difference in terms of the veracity of the allegations?
Well, in the case involving Thomas -- not in terms of veracity, but in terms of whether there's any racism involved.
Alan?
I think he does if it's not quid pro quo sexual harassment.
OK, Amy?
I think it's far too early to tell, but I would say that Herman Cain should have given Mike Murphy a call, and he was the GOP strategist who had Arnold Schwarzenegger say, where there's smoke, there's fire.
But what do you think of him personally?
Well, I don't -- I don't actually know him, but this is what our primary season is all about.
When you see the charge of potential racism in the Herman Cain case, people saying that people are only going after him because he's a black conservative, do you think that holds any merit?
Well, I actually don't like playing the race card on either side.
What can you read into this from your experience?
Well, I don't think you can read anything in at this point.
Which of the candidates do you find yourself agreeing with most on their policy statements?
Well --
Do you think maybe you should throw your hat in the ring, albeit, belatedly?
No, I certainly don't get itchy fingers about throwing my own hat in the ring.
What did you conclude about that period in your life?
Well, first of all, there was the relief that I finally finished the writing, which, as you know, can be quite trying.
How have I done there?
Let's start over.
Object of affection?
No, no.
What did you think?
Well, revolutions are not pretty, and there are any number of circumstances in which the tyrant who stays too long and refuses to leave and when fear breaks down, and on behalf of his people, and the tables are turned, those ends are often very violent.
Do you look at what's happened to Barack and Gadhafi, and slightly regret the way you helped the administration go about Iraq?
Well, the circumstances were fundamentally different, and the times were fundamentally different.
Is that a total lifetime pass, or could you see yourself tempted back?
ICE: I'm really a policy person.
You're not entirely ruling it out?
Piers, that's a no.
Who was the first person you told when you heard the news?
Well, I actually had a couple of people with me traveling with me.
So I guess mixed feelings?
Well, of course, it was a wonderful experience, and it was a very high honor, as I said.
And very quickly, if I was to pin you down and say your biggest triumph in the eight years and your biggest regret, what would you say?
Well, clearly, associating the United States of America firmly with the freedom agenda in the Middle East after 60 years of trying to trade democracy for stability and getting neither, I'm very proud of that speech in Cairo in June of 2005 that set a different tone based on President Bush's second inaugural.
You're the god mother?
I -- somebody has to be in charge.
What's the most important role you have?
Mom.
It's all happening in Vegas, right?
Kardashian chaos, so it's going to be everything, anything Kardashian.
Is it always sells this Kardashian stuff?
Yes.
What's the weirdest stuff that you got in there?
OK.
It's on the rocks?
Yes, don't tell me that.
Still happily married?
Yes, as far as I know.
How much of your brand -- and I'm playing slightly devil's advocate here, but how much of it could have been possibly without the explosion of attention that came with the sex tape involving Kim?
Honestly, we had a show kind of in the works and had a tape done before that happened.
Did you think, there goes the show, well, there goes my daughter?
Well, that came first.
How did you hear about this tape?
Um, Kim told me.
What are you proudest of with your family, would you say?
My girls and my son, their hearts, they are good people.
Who?
Kim.
Will you tweet it to me?
Yes, it's lovely.
Probably -- one of the "Night at the Museum" maybe?
"Meet the Fockers."
Where do you think the depth charge will come in the scandal if at all?
Well, that's the big question that we're all waiting for.
What do you say to that?
Well, we don't discuss our sources.
Let me start with you, Randall Kennedy, is Herman Cain playing the race card or is the race card being played against him here?
Well, to the extent that he has said that one of the reasons that this is coming up is because of race, it seems to me that he's using race as a propaganda weapon here.
Larry Elder, would you agree with that?
I think that's right.
What do you make of that?
Well, the people who like him like him a whole lot and I think that they are rallying to their man.
Yes, it's been nonpolitical if you like, but there is something very human about Herman Cain which is resonating with people, isn't there?
Absolutely.
I mean is there one rule for as some believe black conservative politicians and another rule for middle class white politicians?
No, I think what's shown is that, you know, people have their bases and people who like politicians are willing to close their eyes to, you know, deficiencies for their man.
What is the idea of me?
Maybe it's not really you.
The need to delve deep in people's souls?
I like doing that.
You do?
And actually you like doing that.
Do you like the pressure of having to be funny?
No.
Probably -- one of the "Night at the Museum" maybe?
"Meet the Fockers."
What did you do, Focker?
Nothing.
Advantage or disadvantage?
Well, it depends what you're talking about.
But then there's also -- then you have to kind to make your own way and, you know?
Yes.
They'd be married 57 years?
Yes.
It's pretty amazing?
Yes.
Is that true?
No, that's true.
Are there some you don't let them watch?
Well, they -- first of all they're not that interested in watching my movies.
Are they showing signs of comedic genius?
They are -- they're very theatrical children, yes.
Do you love being a father?
I love being a father.
Yes, I mean, in terms of your filming schedule, how do you juggle that with being a dad?
You have to figure out how you're going to do it so that you make sure that you have the family time.
I can't find the demons?
There's no darkness.
Major drug abuse?
It's well hidden.
Anything to chip away at the halo?
Brian Grazer and I are having an affair.
Is it going well?
I'm in love with his hair.
Why are you laughing there?
I was laughing that you always show the person watching themselves.
"Tower Heist"?
I'm really excited because it's actually -- it's a genre of movie that I've never been in.
What's going on with your country?
Oh wow.
He disappointed you, Obama?
I -- I'm a -- I'm disappointed that we haven't seen more bold decisions from him and a willingness, I think, to maybe stick to more of what he had, in his campaign, had said in terms of what he was willing to do.
I mean, why does it still motivate you?
I went down there for the first time before the earthquake, and it was in such a bad situation that I wanted to try to do something to help there.
What do you feel about people who criticize celebrities for helping the stuff like that, the criticism being you're just doing it to promote yourself?
Well, I think everybody's entitled to their opinion.
You must be sick of it, aren't you?
Not at all.
Are you being honest?
Sometimes I'm sick of it.
-- with the passage of time?
Wait a minute.
I'm affectionate toward the movie or the passage of time in general?
Both.
Is this true?
Now it comes out.
Any tantrums?
No.
-- monstrous, box office megastar?
It's like a nightmare.
For the worse in any way, a little chink in the armor that we could do?
Not that I have found.
Then what will you do?
Die.
You mean bad things about him?
Things you've heard.
Is he as -- is he as squeaky clean as he's trying to make out?
As far I'm concerned, he is.
Is anybody, do you think, in Hollywood, left who's got a better record than that?
I'm sure there's --
Would he beat that?
Yes.
How important is someone like Ben to a movie now?
Put it this way: we developed the movie -- Brian and I developed the movie for several years.
If it doesn't work out, it all becomes his fault?
Not at all.
And Brian had done maybe five, six movies with him?
Yes, total of six movies.
Ben was not available?
Ben wasn't -- no, this was after we wrapped the movie.
Did he -- did he, someone like you, feel intimidated?
Sure.
Working with someone like that?
Yes, because Eddie has been -- he's iconic for, you know, the last 25 years.
Get Leo in a dress?
We've got it.
(INAUDIBL) get people from the acting world together, I'm always fascinated who is the actor's actor, who's the one -- if you could cast one leading man in the last movie you ever make, who would it be?
I can't do it.
Are you?
In a movie, my first movie role.
It is a Robert Zemeckis movie?
ORGAN: Yes.
Is it?
Yes.
How important is the award process to you?
That's all I do this for.
That is what talks in Washington, isn't it?
Yes.
Until they do, I don't think this goes anywhere, does it?
Well, that's right.
Is this all good for him or is all the attention being lavish on Herman Cain good for Cain?
Yes.
Michael Sitrick, I mean, could you imagine despite all this someone like Herman Cain winning now the Republican nomination and potentially becoming president?
You know, if there is one thing that I've learned that you can do is you can never predict for sure.
Would you say to him you got to get serious now or continue to ride the storm the way that he's doing?
I think one of the things that may be appealing is his style, is the fact that he is the nonpolitician politician.
Why?
Well, seven and a half hours of work today, Piers.
How much of that kind of detail to you is in favor perhaps to Conrad Murray or against him?
Well, I think it's more a focus for me on how many of those jurors have actually been jurors before.
And so, if we were predicting a time that might come back, are we looking at Monday now, Ted, do you think?
Well, it really does depend on one of two things.
You don't just mean with a guitar, do you, Brad?
I mostly mean with the guitar unfortunately.
You are a bit of a player, aren't you?
I guess so.
Do you still enjoy it, or does it become this dusty treadmill?
I love it.
So, when he gave you that guitar, do you think he had this wild, crazy notion that one day his grandson Brad was going to be performing to millions of people?
AISLEY: I think he mostly just thought that I would love it like he did.
What do you make of what's going on with America right now, financially, sort of a battle for its soul for whatever the new American Dream is?
Right.
What do you think of it?
I think that the key is that people still -- they still look to us.
I mean, isn't this a very important time for America, isn't it vital now that the right person wins the next election?
Well, yes, I think because -- although, I believe that there are more than -- there's more than one way to skin a cat.
There's areas where that has to happen, to just draw these lines and say I'm this or I'm that, that's where we're getting into trouble, you know?
I want to play you the clip of what you said about President Obama, which is quite interesting, when he became president.
Was that -- was there always going to be a slight end of the honeymoon, do you think?
Oh, yes.
I mean, that is a bit of a result isn't it, as they say?
Yes, definitely.
How does your wife feel about the fact that you keep co- hosting with Carrie Underwood?
She's good with that.
How many more times will you do it before doubts start to creep in of what's going on here?
Well, we also just had a big hit.
You've won how many CMAs there?
I don't know.
How important is the award process to you?
It's all I do this for.
I know, I know, wouldn't that be something?
It's a great moment.
Of all time?
Of all time.
What made him special?
Unique ability to sound instantly identifiable.
Would you really?
Yes.
That good?
She's -- she can sing -- and the beauty of it is, she could sing anything she wanted.
Which is great for the country music world, isn't it?
Totally.
I mean, is she revered now in the -- in that world?
Yes, I think so.
ORGAN: For that kind of decision she took?
I think she is.
Did he get to see how successful you've become?
No.
What were you feeling as you -- as you got emotional there?
I'm keenly aware of the fact that CMA is -- that's our Oscars.
ORGAN: How many more do you want to snaffle?
Don't need any more.
Is that true?
It's totally true.
Where were you watching the movie?
I was -- I was 20 years old.
And now 15 million albums later, can you believe it?
Still pretty much surreal.
We've never actually had our dinner date, have we?
Hum.
What do you think?
I think oh, my God, what a platt (ph).
I mean, I love watching that because apart from the fact you seem so relaxed, the fact that you are just cavorting with one of the most famous television stars of all time, again, you must feel like pinching yourself, don't you?
I still get a fight.
Do you ever ask how you're going?
Every artist does have that wee bit of let's be the best.
ORGAN: So you've now gotten a little bit more now competitive?
It's the name of the game.
Quite adoptable, isn't he?
He is lovable.
What would your mother have made of this, do you think?
That was a bit of a tricky one.
What were the values she taught you?
Christian values, how to put yourself in other people's shoes and how to give your best even when things are really tough.
And in that moment you must have felt I don't know -- how did you feel?
A bit pleased.
Really?
It's a happy ending.
They've contacted you and they said sorry?
Some of them have.
Stuff of dreams isn't it?
It is, yeah.
Does it still feel like that?
It does a bit.
What has been your biggest pinch me moment of them all?
I think I would have to say meeting Donny Osmond.
You have a big soft spot for him, haven't you?
I certainly have, yes.
Have you sang with Donny yet?
Not yet.
You sang for the Pope?
That was extra special.
Have you any idea?
Maybe 500,000.
You could afford to live here in Hollywood in some huge mansion, but that doesn't interest you, does it?
OYLE: I believe in being a normal person.
What's the next ambition for you?
Ambitious to be continuing doing what I'm doing, continue to make people happy.
Of the singing variety, right?
It's from the album.
Probably -- one of the "Night at the Museum" maybe?
"Meet the Fockers."
Advantage or disadvantage?
I think there's an advantage because you know what you're going into.
What's going on with your country?
I feel like we've inherited a bad situation over the last eight years and Obama is in a very tough position.
You hate doing these things, don't you?
Whoo!
What is the idea of me?
I mean, it's not really you.
Piers, when did it begin, the need to delve deep into people's souls?
I like doing that.
You do?
And, actually, you like doing it.
Do you like the pressure of having to be funny?
No, not at all.
Do you know which of your 30 movies has grossed the most?
Not "Envy," I know that.
What are your three worst movies?
Oh, gosh, there's more than three.
What's been the biggest turkey of your life?
TILLER: Oh, in terms of money, I'd probably like -- you like that movie.
Probably one of the -- "The Night at the Museum," maybe?
"Meet the Fockers."
What did you do, Focker?
Nothing.
What's the sign for sour milk?
That's because it's from Debbie's left breast, Greg.
What does that tell you about our culture?
It tells you about anything.
Really?
Yes.
What was it like working with De Niro?
At first, it was pretty intimidating because I'm such a fan of his, and his movies from my generation growing up are so iconic.
Advantage or disadvantage?
Well, it depends what you're talking about.
But then there's also -- then you have to kind of make your own way and, you know?
Yes, I mean, at first, what I meant was I can see how having parents who are in the business can be helpful, advice and everything else.
What values did they instill in you, do you think?
My dad's a pretty hardworking guy.
Is that true?
No, that's not true.
Are there some you don't let them watch?
Well, they -- I have -- personally, they're not that interested in watching my -- I'm not going to try to get them to watch, you know, something about marriage and like that, because they're 9 and 6.
Are they showing signs of comedic genius?
TILLER: They are -- they're very theatrical children.
Do you like being a father?
I love being a father, yes.
Yes, I mean, in terms of your filming schedule, how do you juggle that with being a dad?
You have to figure out how you're going to do it so that you make sure that you have the family time.
Yes, what do you really think of it?
I think it's -- I think it's a tough business.
Is the dream what you hoped it would be?
The dream's hollow and empty, yes.
Is it?
Hollow and empty and cold.
Are they?
They can be.
Present company exempted?
Yes.
There's no evidence of alcoholism, major drug abuse?
It's well hidden.
Anything to chip away at that halo?
Brian Grazer and I are having an affair.
Is it going well?
I'm in love with his hair.
Ben Stiller's latest movie, "Tower Heist," what were you laughing there?
I was laughing -- you always show the person watching themselves.
You excited about this one, "Tower Heist"?
TILLER: I'm really excited because it's actually a -- it's a genre movie that I've never been in, a heist movie.
What's going on with your country?
Oh, wow.
He disappointed you, Obama?
I -- I'm a -- I'm disappointed that we haven't seen more bold decisions from him and a willingness, I think, to maybe stick to more of what he had, in his campaign, had said in terms of what he was willing to do.
Are you finding them good -- of comedic value?
Yes.
Are you wary of discussing this?
I am wary, yes, because I, again --
-- in your Google hit list?
I don't -- I don't see myself as a political commentator or a comedian in any way, though I do enjoy Bill Maher's show.
Well, they are quite funny, some of these Republicans, don't they?
Yes.
Yes, but when you watch him as a serious presidential candidate, what do you think?
I think that I can't imagine him being president.
-- your fellow countrymen?
I mean, I think -- I would think that Mitt Romney would have more of a chance at this point.
What about Herman Cain, the pizza guy?
I saw him on the "Meet the Press," and I was not impressed.
Why?
Because he wouldn't answer questions when they started asking about foreign policy, he would just say, "I'm going to talk to my advisors.
I mean, why does it still motivate you?
I just -- I went down there for the first time before the earthquake, and it was in such a bad situation that I wanted to try to do something to help there.
What do you feel about people who criticize celebrities for helping the stuff like that, the criticism being you're just doing it to promote yourself?
Well, I think everybody's entitled to their opinion.
You must be sick of it, aren't you?
Not at all.
Are you being honest?
Sometimes I'm sick of it.
-- with the passage of time?
Wait a minute.
I'm affectionate toward the movie or the passage of time in general?
Both.
What do you think of Rick Perry?
We're coming to that.
What do you think of Herman Cain?
Everything he said, I -- you know --
I don't know, 11?
What's he -- what's he like --
Is this true?
Now it comes out.
Any tantrums?
No.
How have you avoided the cliche Hollywood trap of endless divorces?
Endless divorces.
How do -- does one do it?
We both sort of come from similar backgrounds as both our parents were...
Really?
Yes, and we -- we both grew up around it in New York and Matthew was successful earlier than I was.
What happened?
I just froze up.
What happened with that?
Joe Pesci, he just -- he just freaked me out or something.
Are you good at auditions?
He was just good.
...monstrous box office megastar?
It's like a nightmare.
No chink in the armor that we could dwell on?
Not that I have found.
He's kidding, right?
You get shot in the head it's over.
Then what you going to do?
Die.
Is there anybody, do you think, in Hollywood left who's got a better record than that?
I'm sure there is.
Would he beat that?
Yes.
Can you understand it?
Not entirely, because they're not -- they don't have a specific message that they're saying.
Do you have a -- did you have a character in mind?
Well, Madoff, we did.
Would you accept that?
We -- we're on the artist side so we -- (inaudible) table.
Is Hollywood as ruthless as people say it is?
It's hard to understand how it works.
How -- how -- how important -- let me ask you Brett, how important is someone like Ben to a movie now?
Put it this way, we developed the movie -- Brian and I developed the movie for several years.
Yes, Eddie pitched Brian and I the idea and I've been wanting to work with him since I was a kid, I've been such a big fan, and Brian had done maybe five -- five or six movies with him?
Yes, a total of six movies.
Was Ben not available?
Ben wasn't -- no, this was after we wrapped the movie.
What was he like to work with, Matthew?
He was, you know, he's kind of -- since I started is right about the time when he started so I've grown up on him.
Did you -- did even someone like you feel intimidated?
Sure...
Working with someone like Eddie?
...yes, because Eddie has been -- he's iconic for -- for, you know, the last 25 years.
If you could cast one leading man in the last movie you ever make, who would it be?
Oh my God.
Can you name someone?
I can name some dead ones.
Who would you say?
I am a big Daniel Day-Lewis fan.
This was in The Freshman, right?
This was in The Freshman.
And you got in a stage of his career when he was getting fed lines through his ear, right?
Well, you seem to be getting fed lines.
So he was the best you've seen you think?
...yes, well, you know, and Ben and Eddie and there are a lot of great ones.
RAZER: Are you?
In a movie.
The Robert Zemeckis movie?
Yes.
Is it?
Yes.
I think it's going to be a great comeback for Eddie Murphy and you guys, I think you've -- you've -- it's a great (inaudible) film and it's hard, isn't it?
Yes it is.
But what do you think of him personally?
Well, I don't -- I don't actually know him.
When you see the charge of potential racism in the Herman Cain case, people saying that people are only going after him because he's a black conservative, do you think that holds any merit?
Well, I actually don't like playing the race card on either side.
What can you read into this from your experience?
Well, I don't think you can read anything in at this point.
Which of the candidates do you find yourself agreeing with most on their policy statements?
Well --
Do you think maybe you should throw your hat in the ring, albeit, belatedly?
No, I certainly don't get itchy fingers about throwing my own hat in the ring.
And so, the important thing to look for in candidates is what do they stand for, what are their principles, do they understand the unique character of the United States, and its unique role in the world?
Let's turn to your book.
What did you conclude about that period in your life?
Well, first of all, there was the relief that I finally finished the writing, which, as you know, can be quite trying.
How have I done there?
Let's start over.
Object of affection?
No, no.
What did you think?
Well, revolutions are not pretty, and there are any number of circumstances in which the tyrant who stays too long and refuses to leave and when fear breaks down, and on behalf of his people, and the tables are turned, those ends are often very violent.
Do you look at what's happened to Barack and Gadhafi, and slightly regret the way you helped the administration go about Iraq?
Well, the circumstances were fundamentally different, and the times were fundamentally different.
Is that -- is that a total lifetime pass, or could you see yourself tempted back?
I'm really a policy person.
You're not entirely ruling it out?
Piers, that's a no.
Who was the first person you told when you heard the news?
Well, I actually had a couple of people with me, traveling with me -- one of whom had worked with me at the State Department.
So, I guess mixed feelings?
Well, of course, it was a wonderful experience, and it was a very high honor, as I said.
And very quickly, if I was to pin you down and say your biggest triumph in the eight years and your biggest regret, what would you say?
Well, clearly, associating the United States of America firmly with the freedom agenda in the Middle East after 60 years of trying to trade democracy for stability and getting neither, I'm very proud of that speech in Cairo in June of 2005 that set a different tone based on President Bush's second inaugural.
Is that in a nutshell where we are with this?
LLIOT ACKERMAN, COO, AMERICANS ELECT: I think you hit it right on the head.
Are you going to end up come election with all the states allowing this or not?
Coming to your show today, it's already happening.
Do you need to have that kind of powerful figurehead for this to really work?
What's so interesting about it the Americans Elect platform gives the American people the opportunity to select leaders from business, from government, people who have expressed leadership roughly the previous 44 presidents have.
Who's funding al this?
Well, we've had over 3,000 donors up until this point.
If they're watching us and if they want to get involved in your caper, as it is at the moment, may become a more serious caper, where do they go?
CKERMAN: Well, it's already a serious caper.
I mea, he's sort of a part of American history, isn't he?
Yes.
What was he like when the door closed?
AYNE: He was -- he was very similar in a lot of ways.
Was he actually any good with a gun?
He was very good with a gun.
What were your recollections of that time in your life?
AYNE: You know, it was -- it's always a strange time for young men when they're at that age.
What's the biggest misconception, do you think, of your father?
I don't know if there is.
What would he have made of the modern political state and financial state of the America?
Piers, we're all shaking our heads.
Imagine he would have been pretty furious, wouldn't he?
He'd be upset.
What's been your favorite movie of your father's -- if you could actually watch one again?
Well, mine changes all the time, because, you know, I'm 49 now.
It is interesting, isn't it?
Well, I don't know if there is another actor who's had the opportunity to, you know, create a space for themselves like John Wayne was able to.
Can you do a John Wayne?
AYNE: No, I can't.
You never tried it?
Well, I don't know if I would do it on national television.
Which will it be?
I call that bold talk for a one-eyed fat man.
Winning the Oscar for best actor?
Yes.
Yes, because it's the ultimate in the profession, isn't it?
Yes.
A well- traveled man, wasn't he?
Always on the move.
What is this one?
This is the Congressional Gold Medal and it's the highest civilian award.
Which movie is that from?
This is from the "Green Berets."
Who were people paying this kind of money?
I have my suspicions about the "Green Beret."
What are they?
Well, there was an individual who came out who is a former Special Forces, and he had done well, and I have a feeling that he may have bought that to put it in one of the Special Forces museums.
Really?
Yes.
Which movie is that from?
"Horse Soldiers," "She Wore a Yellow Ribbon" and "The Undefeated (ph)."
What size?
Well, these are custom made.
What made you do that?
Well, like I said today, Piers, is that I wanted to be able to put a face and a voice to those women out there that didn't want to or could not, for whatever their reasons are -- I wanted to speak about this because it was -- I wanted to tell the truth.
When did you first meet Herman Cain?
I first met Herman in 1994 -- 1997 when I was employed at the Educational Foundation of the National Restaurant Association.
And then you were laid off, is that right?
Yes, I was terminated.
And you then made contact with Herman Cain?
Yes.
And whose idea was it to have dinner?
That was Herman's.
And did you drink alcohol?
I had a glass of wine, yes.
And did Mr. Cain drink?
Yes.
I mean, how much did you have together?
I -- you know, I really can't remember.
Was he a gentleman during dinner?
Absolutely, yes.
Did he say then that he would be able to help you perhaps get your job back?
He -- not so much during dinner, but he said that he would look into it.
And whose idea was it to then get in the car together?
Well, it was his because I had to get a ride back to the hotel because I didn't have the car.
Were you shocked by what happened?
Very, very much so because, first of all, he had met my boyfriend.
Are you concerned about the impact of all this on your child?
Absolutely.
Have you at any stage in the last 14 years made any approach to Herman Cain to get some kind of apology from him?
No.
Was he aware that he had gone too far, if what you say is true?
Well, when you tell someone, you know, this is not why I'm here, please drive me back, and I was very stern and, yes, he knew -- I wouldn't say he was apologetic, but he knew I wasn't happy about what went on.
How many other people have known about what happened?
I only told two people.
And who are they?
We're not going to name them, Piers, but we are identifying them as we did today as a physician that she was dating who has provided a declaration under penalty of perjury to us, which we have signed.
How do you counter that charge?
Well, they didn't describe me the way most people would describe me, which is a women's rights attorney, which I have been for 36 years and we've done more sexual harassment cases in our law firm, in our private law firm, than any other law firm in the country, and won literally hundreds of millions of dollars for victims of sexual harassment.
Sharon, let me ask you, did you believe that Herman Cain should now stand down as a candidate for the Republican Party nomination?
I believe -- up until this point, I believe that he first needs to apologize and he needs to admit it.
Sharon, let me ask you, how did your boyfriend react when you told him at the time what had happened?
He tried to ask me more details, and I said I really don't want to talk about it.
How is this affecting you emotionally?
To be honest with you, right now I haven't even watched any of the media.
Are you considering filing charges against him?
No.
Why not?
Well, first of all, I believe the statute of limitations would have run out by now.
My final question to you, Sharon, is simply, do you think that Herman Cain should become president of the United States?
I don't think we can have anyone in the White House who is unable to tell the truth.
Were you surprised by the verdict in the end?
Not surprised, Piers, especially when you take into consideration the amount of time that the jury deliberated.
Was that from members of his family?
Yes, it was from right behind me.
What are you anticipating will be the outcome here?
OWLANDS: Well, his medical license in each of the states where he practices will have to be dealt with by those medical board.
What went wrong?
Well, you know, I think what went wrong was a lot of the pretrial rulings that were made by the court in reference to some of the evidence that we planned to offer for the jury to consider.
And how did Dr. Murray react after he realized that he had been found guilty of effectively killing Michael Jackson, one of the most iconic entertainers of our lifetime?
Well, he was clearly devastated.
Where is Dr. Murray tonight?
Dr. Murray is currently at the Inmate Reception Center where he's being -- going through the booking process.
What do you think would be a fair punishment given that he's been convicted?
Sure.
I mean, you would have been uneasy as a lawyer about that situation, that state of affairs, wouldn't you?
Well, Piers, we have to remember what happened here on June 25th of 2009, Dr. Murray did not have Mr. Jackson on a drip.
Excuse me, would we be appealing?
Yes.
Are you concerned about his mental condition?
I'm not concerned about his mental condition.
Right verdict, do you think?
Well, the verdict was certainly reasonable verdict.
And why wasn't he ready to argue that bail motion more effectively?
It did seem extraordinary.
Looking back, do you have any regrets now about the way the jury composition was made up?
Not at all.
Would you think that would be an appropriate sentence given that he's been convicted?
Well, I hope the lawyers do a better job on sentencing than they did on bail.
Do you think she has credibility?
It was a great interview, by the way.
How do you feel now that this doctor that you had so much time for and support for has been convicted of the death of Michael Jackson?
In the words, piers, of a famous actor, I'm mad as hell, and I ain't going to take it any more.
Do you think that Conrad Murray has been stitched up here?
Conrad Murray was the only man on this planet that loved Michael Jackson enough to try to help him.
Where the hell were they when he was shooting himself with Demerol?
You're clearly feeling very emotional about Dennis.
Have you had the chance to talk to Conrad Murray?
Just when I testified.
I mean, if you had the chance now, what would you say to him?
Oh.
How did you feel when you saw that Conrad Murray had been convicted?
I was happy.
From your belief, from what you read and heard, what do you think?
Well, one, when I read -- did my testimony and my report, I just reviewed Dr. Murray's very own words to investigation.
Or will it still carry on but just in a discreet way?
No, I think hopefully it is over.
What was your reaction to the verdict today?
Well, I was happy in some regards, Piers.
I also want to ask you, as I would ask anyone I guess involved in this, do you have any sympathy with Conrad Murray, who has always said he was just trying to help Michael?
Absolutely not, I don't.
So no sympathy from you towards Conrad Murray?
No sympathy.
Let me ask you, Lavelle, how could that be possible?
You tell me.
Michael Prince, when you heard the now infamous tape of Michael slurring and sounding completely out of it, were you as shocked as everybody else, given that you were working so closely with him?
I was shocked to hear it.
What do you think Michael's legacy should be?
Well, Michael's legacy, unequivocally, Piers, is going to be his children.
Could Newt Gingrich be the next best hope for the GOP?
I'm an idealist, and a romantic and a permanent optimist.
Why?
She's come out in public because her name was revealed by the media, and she's decided, since her name is in the media now, that she wants to get the details of her complaint out since Mr. Cain is still denying any sexual harassment or impropriety.
Is that the full extent of the alleged harassment?
It certainly is not.
I suppose the obvious question -- and I put this to Sharon Bialek last night, another accuser -- is that given the passage of time, being, you know, over a decade, how is anyone going to prove anything?
It's not a question of proof.
Why is that?
My client settled this matter confidentially in 1999.
Can you confirm that your client was paid $45,000 to settle her complaint at the time?
The amount of the settlement is confidential and I'm not going to get into the details of it but there was a monetary settlement.
What was the conversation that you had like?
Well, I think this is a woman, as Joel Bennett has said, who really didn't want to make this public.
Does this all ring true and familiar to you?
Well, you know, I was hoping that, you know, that Sharon, my client who has been very, very brave and very courageous, you know, would inspire others to speak out if they felt comfortable in doing so.
I mean what did you make of that when you saw him say that?
Well, you know, he seemed to shift from he couldn't recall, he doesn't know, and then it just -- you know, kind of dancing all over the place.
Do you think it's that serious?
I don't -- as a presidential candidate, I don't know that there's any forum for doing that, unlike the Clarence Thomas confirmation hearings, but I would like to say that I was happy to say I hear Miss Allred say that she and her client would cooperate in a joint press conference, and I look forward to working with her on that.
Can Herman Cain survive?
Well, I certainly can't speak to the credibility of his accusers and you know what happened 14 years ago, but we can look at the poll and Reuters has poll out after -- after Sharon Bialek's press conference yesterday that finds that Herman Cain's favorability among GOP voters is falling, and he's now behind Mitt Romney.
He looks in big trouble, doesn't he?
Yes, he is in big trouble.
Could this open up doors for these other candidates?
You know, it's interesting.
Joel, I mean, would you bring your client on with other women who made accusations, maybe Sharon Bialek or others if they come forward on to this show and discuss this live?
Well, the first step will be the joint press conference.
Are you aware of this?
I was not aware of it.
What do you put that down to?
Well, first of all, I tell people that the tortoise is the motto of our campaign.
What is it about you that to date hasn't really electrified the Republicans?
Well, I think there are two things.
Do you regret that in hindsight?
Well, that's exactly -- it was the perfect thing to do -- for two reasons.
Why?
Because we talked to people who were explaining the Greek view of the world.
To pre-guess the Greek economic crisis?
No, what I'm going to tell you is having leaders who actually take time off to go learn something is a good thing.
Is it unfair, though, to judge a man by his character?
Let me give you -- let me give you an example totally different than Herman Cain.
It is a little bit, isn't it?
It's a fact.
Do you think that's a vote getter whacking the media?
I think that - I think it's important if somebody who stands up and say s a great deal of what the American news media does makes it harder for us to govern ourselves and harder for us to solve our problems.
-- is that you're probably going to be, whether you like it or not, perceived as the anti-Mitt candidate, aren't you?
This is something I find fascinating.
So you won't be doing that?
First of all, I think I am a differential to the other candidates.
How do you differ to Mitt Romney?
I just said it.
Is he a conservative in the true sense?
He is certainly much more conservative than Barack Obama.
Can the traditional hard line conservative values still be successful, do you think?
Well, a majority of Americans now believe in the right to life.
Are you anti-abortion under any circumstances?
I think that there are exceptions for life of the mother and rape and incest.
And also, where do you think you differ, if you do, from the Tea Party and their aspirations in that area?
Well, first of all, I think with Obama, he's the best, most effective Food Stamp president in history.
Do you regret that?
No, it was the right thing to do.
It ultimately led to you losing your job, didn't it?
No, it had nothing to do with me losing my job.
Do you think you don't get the credit you deserve?
I don't worry about it.
What would be your simple remedy to get America back to work?
Repeal the Dodd/Frank bill immediately, repeal Sarbanes/Oxley, repeal Obama-care, eliminate the capital gains tax.
I mean, what has happened to America?
I think that we got off on several wrong tracks.
Are you an incurable romantic?
Yes.
What would be the first things you would do to restore American pride?
Well, let me say, first of all, I think that the recovery will begin late on election night.
What would you do about it?
I think there are two answers to why we have fallen behind.
And what have you learned about yourself from things that haven't gone the right way?
I think there were times in my life when I was too lonely and when I would have been much better off to have sat down with very close friends and opened up and talked through that phase of my life and tried to do things.
I'm not -- by the way, I'm not assuming this is going you have to do for a while?
No, no, no I'm thinking.
What instinctively comes to mind as the great moment of your life?
I think probably one of my greatest moments of my life was going to Africa and seeing animals.
Would you really?
Yes, I mean, I -- when you say to me about really great moments of happiness, it is hanging out at zoos.
What was the animal spot or whatever it was?
Oh, I think it was probably being on the Serengeti Plain.
A year from now, you seeing -- you extend the metaphor, you seeing antelope, Barack Obama, cheetah, Newt Gingrich?
No, no, no.
Why did you feel differently about your father?
I think because he -- he tried.
What would you say to that?
I can't believe that they gave me stick for writing a book that's the truth and I stopped before the verdict.
Should a network, NBC, or anybody else, be airing this documentary, do you think?
No.
Is there a part of you, Jermaine or your family, curious to hear what he has to say?
No.
So what's going to come out of his mouth?
We asked NBC to comment.
In that moment, what did you all feel?
What I was feeling, I felt the same, because this is just a process we're going through.
How did you -- how did you react to that when you knew that was happening?
I felt for my mother.
Had you ever heard Michael like that?
Never heard him like that.
Had any of the family ever heard?
Never, ever, ever.
Well, what did you think they were?
He was probably going to use it.
Why would anyone tape him like that?
Because he's a liar.
Was Ben not available?
Ben wasn't -- no.
Where do you think things are from the White House point of view as we sit?
I think we are headed for a very close, hard-fought election, and the thing is I would have said the same thing to you about how close this election would be the week that bin Laden was killed and we're creating 200,000 jobs a month as I would say now when we're having a little bit tougher of an economic situation.
Or is he just quite cool under pressure?
Well, he is quite cool under pressure.
And how much do you guys have to take it on the chin now for the actions that you've taken?
Well, I think it's important to understand the mess this president inherited, to understand we didn't get into the mess overnight, we're not going to get out of it overnight.
Is it helpful to have a former Democrat president who's so popular out there giving his version of how to get America back to work, or would you rather he just kept it quiet a bit?
No --
Do it privately to the president?
Well, he does it privately and publicly, and it's helpful in both cases.
And conversely, if they go up from where we are now, if they go much higher than, say, 9.5 percent or something, that you'd be in real trouble?
Well, they say the economy is all -- the better the economy is, the better it is for the incumbent president.
What do you make of their battle so far?
Well, I think it speaks to real uncertainty on their side about who the right candidate is.
And what do you think of the prospect potentially of a black American against a black American in an American presidential race, which has never happened before?
I'm not an expert on Republican primary politics.
What does the president think of Mitt Romney?
Well, I think, you know, he's always appreciated Mitt Romney's -- Governor Romney's leadership in passing his health care bill in Massachusetts.
Where do you think you have been least successful?
Well, I think -- you know, this president came to Washington wanting to change politics here and change the political tone and bring people together.
What are the kind of words you would like to see as a cornerstone of the next campaign which have perhaps a better chance of overall success?
Yes, someone jokingly said to us the other day that our bumper sticker should be: "Bin Laden's dead, G.M.'s alive," which I think that would be a great bumper sticker and maybe the campaign would sell t-shirts to that effect.
But will it come down to basically -- "I will get America back to work" as an election pledge, a look in his eyes and either believe him or believe his opponent?
That's a part of it, but it's more than just the Americans who aren't working.
Really?
Yes.
Did you feel that when you finished it, that you -- when you closed the book and thought, that's my life?
Yes, I did.
Why?
Because I just thought of you as this funny guy who does Donald Trump and Bill Clinton on "Saturday Night Live."
What -- what's that done to your life?
Well, it's -- that's a lot -- that's a lot of -- that's a lot to think about.
I spent most of my life, I guess, recovering from moments like that, you know?
And it went on.
It does happen, you know?
Do you have any theories yourself about why your mother --
She'd been abused?
I think she was abused.
As you got older, what was your relationship with your mother like?
Well, I -- I called her and said I'm -- I'm in therapy for trauma and child abuse and -- and worse.
What age were you then?
I was already on "Saturday Night Live."
Did you have any more contact with her?
Not until her death bed.
And how did that make you feel, when she died?
I felt nothing.
I was very moved by my father, you know?
Well, it's not surprising to me that you're so emotional about this.
Why did you feel differently about your father?
I think because he -- he tried.
Can I have a nap -- a tissue or something?
Yes, sure.
Was he aware of what your mother was doing?
I don't think so.
He was apologetic for his own negligence toward you?
For not -- for not being there as good as he wanted to be.
Which was your favorite?
I guess Clinton is the one that -- that you get the most mileage out of.
Where?
Oh.
-- colonoscopy?
No, just right before it.
So you -- you do it, you say?
Once in a while.
Really?
My favorite was Donald Trump.
You know?
I think we should play you something now, got a tribute to you --
What do you make of his impression?
Well, he's been amazing.
Where go you get the ability to do impressions from, do you think?
I guess from my mom.
Really?
Really good.
Who would she do?
Coaches, teachers, people in the neighborhood.
Anyone -- anyone that she picked up?
She was -- yes, pretty incredible and --
And would make you laugh?
Yes.
Really?
It just would change her.
Have you been able to forgive her in your mind?
Yes.
Well, I was going to ask you, were you ever high when you were on the air?
No.
You were never tempted?
No.
Are you clean now?
Yes.
You don't drink or take drugs at all?
Well, I haven't done as well as I wanted to with that.
Are you happier than you've been before?
AMMOND: I think so.
Do you think your "Saturday Night Live" costars will be shocked by this book?
I don't know.
Did they know about your mother and stuff?
I don't know.
How bad was the incident?
It was pretty damned bad.
From the studio?
Actually from -- I think that on the book it says the offices, I was taken to the office -- this actually was a clinic underneath the theater, yes.
ORGAN: How could this have been going on with this guy, who just seems like he's the happiest, funniest guy you'd ever meet?
It did.
What are you doing, career-wise, now?
Well, I'm doing "Are We There Yet?"
What ambitions do you have professionally and personally?
I just want to play Truman Capote on Broadway.
When you were here as a young, fresh-faced Colin Powell, what was the big dream for you?
I was doing a lieutenant colonel and I was doing fairly well in the Army, but I had no idea what the Army had in store for me.
You as we sit here on Veterans Day in particular, what do you feel about the view of the modern American military?
It's a great military.
Do you feel that you need another Gerald Ford intervention?
Somebody will show up.
What advice would you give him to get America back on its feet right now in the modern world?
Well, you know, you can't put it all on one individual.
Why is it not happening?
It's not happening now because it's been made too difficult.
You're going to blame me, are you?
No, I'm not blaming you.
Would you take that approach?
Well, I don't play golf, so I wouldn't have got on the golf course.
Can you clarify that?
I means go hide in your -- in your bunker so that people can't get to you, and then come out and fight in the streets.
What do you think you should be advising him as someone who supported him about how to go back into the election fray?
Well, the advice I'd give to the president, which I still do on occasion, I keep private.
Where were you when you heard that bin Laden had been killed?
I was in my home, and I heard the news.
Did you admire the president for the sheer audacity of the decision-making of that?
Yes.
The huge difference in cost not just in human life but financially to America?
I don't think the two can be that easily compared.
I mean do you feel that you were in some way used?
No.
What do you make of it all?
It's a remarkable democratic system we have.
I mean are you watching it as a Democrat or Republican?
I'm watching it as an American.
If the election was tomorrow, and it will be in a year, and would you vote for Barack Obama as things stand again?
I would never make that decision now.
You think more may pop up?
I don't know.
Do you know?
No.
I mean could we possibly see yourself?
No.
Why not?
I rejected that 16 years ago, and I've given more than one explanation for it.
Are you really?
Yes.
Was it your wife in the end who decided?
It was me.
It was you, not your wife?
Yes.
Am I a good shrink or bad shrink?
Stick to being on television.
Are you more moderate by nature?
Yes.
What do you make of Herman Cain?
I've known Mr. Cain for -- oh, I guess, known Herman for 15, 16 years.
Is it the man you recognize with all these claims?
I'm not going to get in to all of these claims.
Do you remember that?
Very well.
How did you get out of that?
We didn't have any money and I was going to Vietnam.
Where do you get this from?
No, I'm just --
What's the secret of a happy marriage?
Getting along.
What are the key values to you that you think most people should really have as priorities?
OWELL: Service to others, service to something greater than yourself, service to country, serving a purpose in life.
What were your parents have made of your career?
Well, they were proud of me.
Do you really?
Yes.
Do you think they're misguided?
Well, I was -- I was born in Harlem to immigrant parents, and my parents always had a job.
How do we get businesses that have a lot of money stacked up, how do we get them to invest that money and create jobs?
You said before with foreign policy that America should avoid saying we are going to instill our democracy on everybody.
When you look back on it, excluding the obvious, children's births and marriage and so on, what's the single greatest moment of your life?
I never answer single greatest or worst a questions.
What message would you give them on this particular day?
I'm so enormously proud of all of those who are serving now and all of those who served in the past.
What happens when you come that day?
When I came here in -- in Wild Card, we just came here for just a vacation and looking for a boxing gym for workout.
Can you believe what's happened to you in your career?
I never expected what I have done in boxing and, you know, it's -- it's amazing and unbelievable.
How do you feel?
It's -- there's a pressure, you know, because all Filipinos, millions of Filipinos, they're hoping for victory in the fight.
How do you feel when people say you're the best fighter there's ever been?
How I feel -- of course, I feel happy and people believing my talent, my capability in boxing.
How do you manage to try and kill people with your hands but not hate?
I think this is -- this is part of the -- of the -- my career.
What did you hope to achieve when you were doing those fights?
Yes.
Did you nearly give up then?
The --
Did you think about giving up then?
No.
When you get in the ring for a fight like you are tomorrow, as you walk in, how do you really feel?
I'm excited and, you know, I've been training eight weeks for this fight.
Is that right?
Well, I mean, you know, it's my experience, before a fight, with short hair, I feel like I'm weak.
How realistic is this for you?
Being a public servant, this is a serious job, not like a boxer, you're entertaining people.
Would you like to be in a position of power to change that, to make it a more honest politics?
That's what I am trying to do, to change the -- you know, the politics in the Philippines.
Does it motivate you, money?
Making money -- I'm happy, because, of course, every fight I make millions of dollars.
What do you honestly think?
I never, you know -- right now, I'm not thinking about that.
Would you like to?
Like what I said, I'm more -- you know, I always fight whatever my promoter is giving to me, the opponent.
Do you think you'd beat him?
It's hard to say.
What brought you two together -- fate?
I believe so.
Can you tell by a fighter's eyes?
Yes, you can.
What makes Manny special to you?
He's like a son to me.
And how many Filipinos come and see him?
Yes, I get at least about 30 a day that come to the door in --
Every day in Los Angeles?
Yes.
I mean, is it as crazy as it sounds when he goes back?
Yes.
Apart from God and -- and your worship of God, what are the other things that you think are important in life?
Important in life is you know how to -- to love people and to be friendly to everybody.
That's got to hurt you, right?
It's hurt me, but, you know, people don't believe him.
And you really want to beat him, don't you?
-- the focus --
I mean more than -- more than most fights?
Yes.
Would he beat Floyd Mayweather?
Yes, we have the right stuff to beat Mayweather.
And is -- and is the trump card with Manny that you've -- you've developed now, almost equal power with both hands?
Yes.
Why do men want to do this to each other?
It's -- it's not only for myself, but, you know, I keep fighting because I want to know I'm happy to give -- giving honor to my country.
What do you say to a guy like Manny, who has won everything?
You know, we warm up a little bit and go through the routines and when you make this move, you know, what move he is going to make.
Do you pray before a fight?
Always.
Well, you are a singer, right?
After -- after the fight.
So you pray before and you sing after?
After.
Bob, what makes this guy television promotional gold dust?
Because he fights the way people want to see fighters fight, and because his genuine goodness shines through.
Is that true -- is that true, Manny?
Sometimes.
-- why -- why do you do that?
Because I -- I feel it in my heart.
You feel sorry for them?
Yes, all of them.
Even when you're pummeling them?
Yes, I'm just doing my job.
What's it -- what's it like being hit hard by somebody very, very good?
It's --
I mean, I -- I can imagine, but you know?
Because if you don't hit hard, your opponent hits you hard.
Do you feel it in the actual moment?
ACQUIAO: You can feel it, but if you -- like if you get hit a good one, you can feel it.
Does he ever miss and whack you one?
Manny is very accurate.
Of all the boxers, what's been the worst punch you ever had to take?
The worst punch I guess was Tyson.
Where does Manny rank, genuinely, do you think, in the 46 years you've been in the fight game?
Well, there was a period of time where Ali was absolutely super, when he became champion and before the draft.
How much money could you make from promoting the Pacquiao/Mayweather fight if it ever happened?
If I could make that fight happen, then the government, U.S. government might send me over to bring about peace in the Mideast, because I've got a guy in Mayweather who won't fight Manny Pacquiao because no matter what the money is, he knows he will get knocked out.
Do you agree with that, Freddie?
Yes.
Do you respect him or not?
Of course.
Everybody?
Everybody I respect.
Why do you say that?
You know, America is -- for me, it's the best country.
Why do you think that?
The freedom, all the people, you know, and also the Constitution of America.
Do you worry that you may fight just too long and suffer irreparable damage?
ACQUIAO: Well, I'm -- I'm looking for -- I -- I'm thinking for that -- not to get hurt.
Are you going to be helping him promote his campaign?
Well, Manny had me over.
So this could be for both of you the last big hurrah?
Well, I'll be -- it keeps me going because in 2022, I'll be 91 years of age, I'll come in on my cane.
Have you worked out your cabinet position yet?
Not yet.
When he goes in the ring and he does the mitts, it goes away, right, Freddie?
The tremors go away and the shaking and it's just like --
Why do you think that is?
I'm not sure.
Was that your record?
I had like a 41-13 record at the end.
Did you think the condition you have now is down to boxing or not?
I'm a trauma study.
Do you assume the same about Muhammed Ali?
Yes.
How do you feel having been his friend for so long?
RUM: And his promoter.
How many do you have?
These tattoos, it's is a meteor.
And that one?
This is old, when I was young.
Does it mean anything or no?
It is a rose with a snake.
What does that mean?
It is a green snake.
Does it have a meaning?
Yeah.
It means you want to hit people, right?
There is a rose bud and a snake.
What are your children's full names?
Jimuel, his name is Emanuel Junior.
You named your daughter after my queen?
Yes.
Have you met the queen?
No.
Do you like the royal family?
Yeah.
Why do you like them?
I like them, you know.
But what else do you think about?
My dream is to help people.
Was that -- that was -- was it bigger than Tyson's?
A little bit.
What was that man really like?
He was somebody who didn't know any boundaries, really, that didn't quite clearly see the lines, the lines that all of us need to see in the light, a line between right and wrong.
Why did you feel differently about your father?
I think because he -- he tried.
Really?
Yes.
Did you feel that when you finished it, that you -- when you closed the book and thought, That's my life?
Yes, I did.
Why?
Because I just thought of you as this funny guy who does Donald Trump and Bill Clinton on "Saturday Night Live."
What -- what's that done to your life?
Well, it's -- that's a lot -- that's a lot of -- that's a lot to think about.
I spent most of my life, I guess, recovering from moments like that, you know?
ORGAN: And it went on.
It does happen, you know?
Do you have any theories yourself about why your mother...
She'd been abused?
I think she was abused.
As you got older, what was your relationship with your mother like?
Well, I -- I called her and said, I'm -- I'm in therapy for trauma and child abuse and -- and worse.
Did you have any more contact with her?
Not until her deathbed.
And how did that make you feel, when she died?
I felt nothing.
I was very moved by my father, you know?
Well, it's not surprising to me that you're so emotional about this.
Why did you feel differently about your father?
I think because he -- he tried.
Can I have a tissue or something?
Yes, sure.
Was he aware of what your mother was doing?
I don't think so.
He -- he was never there, you know?
He was apologetic for his own negligence towards you.
Which was your favorite?
I guess Clinton is the one that -- that you get the most mileage out of.
Where?
Oh...
... colonoscopy?
No, just right before it.
So you do do it, you say?
Once in a while.
Really?
My favorite was Donald Trump.
What do you make of his impression?
Well, he's been amazing.
Where go you get the ability to do impressions from, do you think?
I guess from my mom.
Really?
Really good.
Who would she do?
Coaches, teachers, people in the neighborhood.
And would make you laugh?
No.
Really?
It just would change her.
Have you been able to forgive her, in your mind?
Yes.
Well, I was going to ask you, were you ever high when you were on the air?
No.
Never tempted?
No!
Are you clean now?
Yes.
You don't drink or take drugs at all?
Well, I haven't done as well as I wanted to with that, but it's been going pretty well.
Are you happier than you've been before?
I think so.
Do you think "Saturday Night Live" co-stars will be shocked by this book?
I don't know.
Did they know about your mother and stuff?
I don't know.
How bad was the incident?
It was pretty damned bad.
From the studio?
Actually, from -- I think that in the book it says the offices.
How could this have been going on with this guy, who just seems like he's the happiest, funniest guy you'd ever meet?
It did.
What are you doing career-wise now?
Well, I'm doing "Are We There Yet?"
What ambitions do you have professionally and personally?
I just want to play Truman Capote on Broadway.
Do you?
Yes.
What was that man really like?
He was somebody who didn't know of any boundaries really, that didn't quite clearly see the lines, the lines that all of us need to see in life, the line between right and wrong.
What went wrong?
BRAMOFF: Well, I think that with me, a couple things went wrong.
I mean, that to me was -- it isn't worse than the corruption, but it certainly left a pretty bad taste when you read that, you know?
I'm not going to defend my e-mails.
What do you think was the worst thing you did?
Well, a number of things.
Did you know as you were doing it you were breaking the law?
I didn't consciously feel I was doing that.
H many other people at the time were crossing the line do you really think?
Well, there are a lot of lines and a lot of these lines --
What would you guess from your knowledge of the system?
A healthy percentage.
What kind of percentage?
Twenty.
Twenty percent of every lobbyist was doing the same kind of thing?
Yes.
BRAMOFF: Have been held to account?
Yes.
What was your reaction to that?
He's the leader of the free world.
Come out and say he's my best friend and, you know, I was hand in glove with him?
It's completely implausible he wouldn't have been aware with you.
How could he not know who you were?
Well, I -- yes, I can't speak for him but he's a politician.
Where were you, how did you know?
I guess what happened was there was an article in "The Washington Post" and then immediately after the article, the Congress called for hearings and the Justice Department to get involved.
You mean in terms of campaign contributions and things like that?
Yes, but the general level of corruption that was going on, this is very bad for American politics.
What do you want people to feel?
I want people to feel is I want them to know what this system is.
What kind of thing do you think is going on that is criminal in your mind?
Well, whether it's criminal or not, or it should be criminal maybe is the question.
What are you doing with your life at the moment?
Well, I just finished writing a book.
Do you have a job at the moment?
I don't -- I have a job doing that.
That's it?
That's it, right now.
All gone?
Yes.
You're aware of that?
I haven't added it all up, but it was tens of millions.
All gone?
Yes.
What do you feel about it now that you don't have any?
I mean, money is a tool.
Why did you give it away?
Because I felt I got this money to do good things with it.
How did you feel being the butt of the jokes?
Well, I have a I have a sense of humor, so most of the time I laughed, if they were good jokes.
How have you explained it to your children?
Well, I didn't have to explain it to my children.
What was the single thing you regret most?
Well, I don't know that there's a single thing I regret most.
In all the time that you've been in Congress, how many years now?
I'm in my 35th.
Is that a good thing?
No, it's not.
And whatever the merits of each of the individual interventions, there comes a point, doesn't there, when if America wants to compete with the likes of China, India and so on, then this constant marching around the world helping everyone has to take a bit of a back seat to helping America?
Well, I think we'll continue, but it will be done in a much more sophisticated and differently organized manner.
Who do you think is the biggest threat currently to America?
I suspect the problems that are embedded in terrorism -- in other words, cell groups, smaller groups of people who may, in fact, try to transport either a nuclear chemical or biological weapons in some form to the United States and create havoc in one or more of our major cities or through plagues or other diseases.
Who do you think is emerging, perhaps nobody is yet, as a genuine front-runner candidate?
Well, I think Governor Romney has been the front-runner throughout this situation.
And can -- if he is, can he beat Barack Obama?
I would say yes to both.
What is the collective mood at the moment?
I think it's a change of generations more than the difference of culture.
What was your reaction when you heard about this?
I think gossiping is a bad thing.
Are you confident that you have President Obama's full hundred percent support?
You know, when I judge by his actions he really has shown friendship.
I mean, how serious should we be taking your comments?
Well, I don't think that this is a correct interpretation of what I have said.
When you have somebody in his position with his kind of power apparently are getting nearer and nearer to a nuclear capability, are you surprised that more leaders around the world are not making a more concerted effort to get rid of him, to enforce regime change?
I think in the beginning most of the leaders thought that it would take a longer period of time before they'll have a bomb.
Could you foresee a situation where Israel may take military action without the whole support of the United Nations or indeed America?
Israel fails to foresee what the world is doing.
What is your view?
I think they've created a mistake, but mistakes are being done by many people.
What do you think he would have made of the fact that there is still no settlement with the Palestinians so long after he started this process?
He would concentrate on this issue as the main topic.
What is the definition of news in the modern age, do you think?
Oh, I think it's very clear.
Has it been exceptional?
I see our chief foreign correspondent Richard Engel in our building when he's in this country.
Tell me about that unique place that you have as a news anchor in America?
Well, first of all, and no false modesty here either.
Are you a news adrenaline junkie?
I am.
What do you make of it?
It's the most disturbing story in so long that we've come across, Piers.
Are you pleased with this new addition to the armory?
Absolutely.
What would you say to that?
If a candidate walked into our offices with her academic training, with her travel, with her access and time around conversations at the highest levels with policy makers, with her business experience, with just her travel experience, we would sit down if their name was Nancy, and have a thorough conversation about coming to work for us at NBC News.
Have you struggled to sleep at night with the idea that any one of those might have been innocent?
No, sir, I've never struggled with that at all.
We are in extraordinary times, aren't we?
We are.
What do you think's gone wrong with the American business model?
Well, in my -- thank you for saying that.
You like this kind of stuff, don't you?
Well, I -- I'm -- I don't -- I never know what to say about this.
I'm told that one of your numerous comedic talents is you do a very good impression of me?
Just my favorite thing about you -- in addition to the title graphic which shows you in that room with so many dust particles.
But how many times have you been properly in love in your life?
Once and I remain there.
What has been the greatest moment of your life, of all the things you've been involved with, that you witnessed, everything?
If we're leaving aside marriage and birth of children and things like that, I would have to say, because it has defined me and it gives me the job title on my business card -- I would have to say taking this job when Tom Brokaw stepped down, because it was so unlikely, because of my very modest circumstances growing up, dropping out of school, kicking around and really not showing any promise.
It must be a rather surreal atmosphere, isn't it?
It's absolutely surreal.
What can you tell me about both those things?
I wish I could tell you more about how the police evicted protesters from here, but I can't, because our cameras and most journalists' cameras were not allowed in here for hours and hours.
Has it galvanized them to, perhaps, be even more protesting down there in bigger numbers?
I think that's an outstanding question to be absolutely fair.
John Timoney, what is your reaction to what's been going on in this park for the last 24 hours?
Well, it was predictable that, eventually, this would come to a head.
When were you at Penn State?
I was there in 1951.
Have you spoken to him?
I have not spoken to him.
What would you say if you got the chance?
I'd just say I pray that the Lord will bless you and the Lord will keep you and the Lord will bless all of those people that are around you and help you all stand strong and learn that God does forgive wrong things.
When you first got wind of this, did you ever imagine it would become as big as this become?
I think it was as big a shock to us in one sense as it has been to everyone.
You know, when you are asked, are you sexually attracted to young boys and it takes you 17 seconds to answer, you're basically hanging yourself, aren't you?
Well, you know what was startling about watching that, I had the exact same reaction, Piers, to that moment.
How much did that come into play and preventing people who were, otherwise, apparently, good people like Joe Paterno from going to the police about these terrible crimes?
Well, our reporter, Sara Gannon (ph), did a story last Friday.
Mickey, how are you?
Five-year break.
I've always wondered, why would you -- in the middle of this dazzling film career, want to go and get beaten around the head?
The acting wasn't something I was having fun doing anymore or liked doing.
You've always loved boxing, haven't you?
Yes.
How did it go, the boxing?
It went good.
Did you ever think you could have been a proper contestant?
I never say could have, would have, should have.
But what does it give you, that feeling when you get into the ring?
You know what it was, I needed the discipline.
And boy, was it the comeback movie?
Well, you know, I did the movie at a time when I still wasn't very bankable.
Why?
No.
What do you think?
The guy did a really great job with the nose.
Is that from the fighting?
You know, I always had trouble with wrapping my hands, because my hands would swell up.
Did you imagine?
I imagine it's hellish.
Why do you think you did it?
Well, I did it because I had some issues when I was very young with authority and with physical --
In the wilderness years, when you were walking, say, into a store in Hollywood, a grocery store or something, what was the reality of that?
It was terrible.
You actually hear that line?
Oh, yeah, didn't you used to be.
What was the worst name?
I'm not going to go there.
Who were the guys, the other actors who really stuck by you?
Well, Stallone helped me out.
Had you seen each other since?
Once.
When you met up again this time, how did it go?
It's always nerve-racking.
So when she first saw you again this time, was it affectionate?
Well, the first time we saw each in over 20 years was last year or something.
Are you proud of it, from an acting point of view?
I have never been until in the last couple of years, kind of acknowledged it.
What was your view of the book?
I don't have any desire to read it.
Anyway, what's the next thing you want to talk about?
No, but I -- I mean, it's fascinating.
Do you ever wonder about that?
No, I don't have to wonder.
You feel me?
I think I'm feeling you, Mickey.
Do you understand them better?
No, they're stronger than us.
Are an easier guy to go out with, to date, to be with?
No, I'm -- not necessarily, no.
Is that the ultimate?
Listen, when I -- listen, just to get the second chance, they're letting me back in the door.
Do you still feel that?
Oh, yeah.
Do you still drink much?
It wasn't the drinking.
ORGAN: What was your problem?
My anger.
And does that still flare up?
Sure.
Should I be feeling a little nervous here, Mickey?
I would do it in a diplomatic way, you know.
Does he know he butchered my mother?
Now that he has seen your face, he knows.
He came out to your premier last week?
Yes, he did.
Who told you?
You told me.
What do you make of what's happening with your country right now?
I have -- I like the way you say with your country.
What is going wrong with America?
I don't really have one, to be honest with you.
Are you learning a bit of diplomatic tact in your old age, Mickey?
Yes, I am.
Do you think actors should spout off about politics?
I'll let you read my mind.
There's a wild rumor you got engaged recently?
No, I didn't get engaged.
Are you with anyone in any serious way?
None of your business, Piers.
How do you feel?
We were blindsided by everything that has happened past week and a half.
I mean, what rumors had you heard prior to this week?
We officially had heard some -- just a little gossip around town, some community, you know, gossip, as every community has.
Why do you think that was?
I'm not for sure.
And when did that happen?
That was this summer, this past summer, 2011, the golf tournament raise -- the fund-raiser that they have.
Is that right?
Yes.
Who was that, from the Second Mile charity?
I'm not at liberty to say.
Do you now believe that at the time you were told there was nothing to worry about that actually they knew that the charity was well aware of what was going on?
I believe, according to the media and according to the grand jury, it says that in 2008, the Second Mile put him, you know, he stepped down and he was not allowed to be involved in the activities with children.
What would you do about this, if anything?
We are hoping to -- in the community to recover, we are hoping to find someone that will step up and be a leader and, you know, help our community.
What would you describe the current mood of the students as?
We're looking for someone in our community to step up and be a leader.
From a legal perspective, I would imagine that's a dangerous position to be adopted right now, isn't it?
Well, I think the prosecutor's office is definitely looking at all of the evidence.
Are you a pedophile?
No.
Am I sexually to underage boys?
Yes.
How ill-advised was that interview, do you think?
RIEL: Well, I'll say this, that it's highly unusual for a defense attorney to let his client be interviewed in that fashion, and for exactly the reason we just saw.
Is that -- is that unhelpful to the legal process, having him convicted in the court of popular opinion?
Well, I think that our system is innocent until proven.
What is your view of had his legal position here, in terms of potentially being involved in a cover-up from all that you've seen and read and heard?
Well, I think -- I'm not really prepared to discuss whether I think he was involved in a cover-up.
And from all of your experience in these kind of cases, when you heard Jerry Sandusky talking, what did your gut feel tell you about the kind of language that he was using and his behavioral pattern?
Well, as we mentioned before, the fact that it took him a while to answer that one question, the way he meandered around some other questions, his referring to horsing around and things like that -- it didn't strike me as a very good defensive posture -- let's put it that way, coming from a lawyer.
What is your reaction to that?
While this kind of allegation is quite interesting from a person who is from a country that already possess nuclear weapons and is a renegade country in the eye of NPT.
If as you say, it's all completely peaceful and above- board, why don't you just let everybody come have a look and inspect them in the peace and tranquility that you talk of?
Well, the cameras of IAEA are 24 hours working over there.
Do you believe in it?
Holocaust is a historical matter.
Our view is that, why not like centuries Muslims, Christians and Jews could live together in such beautiful piece of land which is called Palestine?
Do you feel threatened in Iran in the sense that most world leaders now are being openly hostile towards Iran, whether it's President Sarkozy, President Obama, President Medvedev -- I mean, everyone is cueing up to say you are a dangerous country.
So, the kind of obvious question to me, is if you're not developing nuclear weapons, which you are saying other countries have, Israel to Pakistan and certainly America, many other countries have nuclear weapons, why wouldn't Iran want to have a nuclear weapon to defend itself?
Well, there are two reasons.
How do you view military action against you?
Well, I mean, before assessing these claims on the military and defense and security basis, I think this is a good distraction from the basic problems in the United States.
What was your reaction?
Total and complete nonsense, Piers.
What is the right way to deal with Iran, if they're going to flagrantly ignore any form of international community opinion on this?
Well, I think that's exactly what's going on.
Are you frustrated that you are still lagging in the polls when the credentials that you seem to offer at this very challenging time for America, particularly on the international stage, seem so much more impressive than many of your rivals?
Well, we're still in the preseason, Piers.
As things stand, he's going to walk it, isn't he?
He has name recognition.
Are they a force for good or catastrophe in your campaign?
Watch it, dad.
And what can he do about it?
Well, he hasn't had a chance to have America see him yet.
What is the secret Jon Huntsman like?
Careful.
Is he boring?
Not at all.
What is the one thing that is going to drive you past Mitt Romney?
New Hampshire loves an underdog.
Do you disagree?
I -- it wouldn't be for me to comment.
But who had the worst haircut, in your opinion?
We think our dad had the best haircut.
Jon, do you worry that your daughters are going to land you -- you're going to wake up one morning and all hell has broken loose on Twitter?
Piers, I don't have a choice.
Or is it just whatever goes through your minds?
IVINGSTON: Look, we're really doing this for a very serious reason.
Have you got any more shocking surprises for us?
I guess you'll just have to wait and see.
What are you worth?
I don't know.
What would you describe the mood tonight?
Well tonight, Piers, things have really come down.
Jesse, how are you?
Hi, Piers.
How are you doing tonight?
Good.
There's a huge disconnect, isn't there now, between the two?
Well, yes.
What has gone fundamentally wrong with America to cause what is going on now at Wall Street and other cities?
Well, the fact that the Democrats and Republicans, and both of them are equally guilty.
Who don't you like?
Well, there's only one person that I like at all of them.
Can you imagine the money we could put forward to our infrastructure if we weren't involved in these two stupid wars that we've been in for 10 years?
I mean, Ron Paul is unlikely the way the polls are looking to win.
What do you think of the rest of the field?
Well, Newt Gingrich, it's interesting.
Would you agree if the CIA discovered tomorrow that they knew where Osama bin Laden was that he should be assassinated?
No.
What about Gadhafi?
No.
You don't care?
No.
We just go out, and if people we don't like, we kill them?
Isn't that --
Everyone is willing to be killed?
Jesse, with respect.
Isn't that exactly what Navy SEALs do all the time?
No, when in war.
How do I know they're telling me the truth?
Well, let me ask you a direct question.
Do you believe bin Laden is dead?
Yes.
How do we know?
Because --
What was your view of Gadhafi being taken out in public in the way that he was?
What troubled me about it was our media here.
Have you decided yet?
Well, I will vote absolutely for Ron Paul if he -- if he runs as an independent.
Would you feel comfortable discussing that?
Well, let's talk about your wealth first.
stroke NBC $24 million?
Well, it's actually $25 million.
You're the queen of television, aren't you?
I'm not the queen of television.
And you've parted company with Andre, your boyfriend of some time, this year?
I did.
Why?
I can't speak about that publicly out of a personal request.
Why leave him out of it?
Because, you know, I just -- I made a promise to someone, so I like to be a man of my word.
But it was your decision?
I don't remember.
You don't remember?
I don't know.
You can't remember whose decision it was?
It was almost three weeks ago.
Are you enjoying being single again?
I'm happy to -- I mean I'm just happy.
Are you on the prowl?
No.
What do you like about them?
I like -- I don't know, I like to be challenged.
What do you think of the Demi-Ashton split today?
I just heard of it.
Well, you just told me about it backstage, right?
Yes.
You think so?
Well, yes, I think they probably had a lot of good times with some other women and then --
Really?
Yes.
How do you know this?
Well, come on.
What lines?
The lines of cocaine on the table.
Is this true?
Mm-hmm.
Together?
Let's -- yes, lets show some little clip of what they said about the marriage.
Was it?
And they seemed -- I mean, to me, they seemed very much in love at the time.
Do you tolerate infidelity yourself?
No.
How is he doing?
ORGAN: Good.
What do you think?
Probably not.
What was the closest you came?
I've never come close to marriage.
Really?
No.
Because I know you kind of fancy yourself on politics, are you?
No.
Is he right?
The chances are you probably will.
What happened?
We are just very competitive over everything.
ANDLER: Oh, because all of all your reality world?
Yes.
The political landscape?
Yes.
Well, where shall we start?
Let's start with Republicans.
What do we make of Herman Cain?
Well, I --
He's engaging, isn't he?
Well, I think the whole point now in politics is to kind of get yourself out there.
I think that's what he's up to, isn't it?
But no, no, I firmly believe that people like Herman Cain and Michele Bachmann, and -- I think that they all really -- I mean Ron Paul, probably not.
Did you see the video of him when they asked about Libya and Obama?
He didn't seem to know what Libya was.
ORGAN: Why don't you go into politics?
Well, let me tell you why.
Are you British?
I am a Brit.
I beg your pardon?
No, you don't.
You are, I think the word is flushing, aren't you?
I'm flushing.
Is that true?
Yes, flushing and blushing.
Really?
He was just much older.
You want to pay more tax?
Yes.
The government?
Exactly.
Where are you supposed to write the check to?
Exactly.
Do you not watch any news?
No.
Wouldn't that be cool?
Well, It wouldn't make any sense.
Because you were staying in the break how, under different circumstances, you'd go for me?
Well, that's one version of what happened.
No, when did that happen?
They got him back for the third year, despite all the anger last year.
Is Hollywood beginning to understand that kind of humor?
I hope so.
Wasn't it two years ago?
Yes, but I think it's been getting worse.
It's about stop taking yourself too seriously, isn't it?
Well, I believe it is.
Is that what we're worried about?
I hope there are more cutaways to all their faces when he -- when I had Ricky on the show just after the Globes last year, it was brilliant, because when I played back the stuff to him, he never laughed at the punch line.
Historic?
It can be.
About who?
Anyone.
50 Cent?
No, no.
Why are you repeating what I said?
Because I'm speaking now.
Are you a listener?
Keep the shameless plugs down to a minimum.
Don't you have a baby on the way?
Yes.
Wouldn't you plug that baby, if you could?
No, I wouldn't, because I protect my own privacy unlike you American celebrities.
How do you want this interview to be remembered?
First of all, you have a new show every day, just like I do.
Oh, this is like Nixon/Frost?
It's a bit like that.
Because everyone is just banging on about this?
You have a chubby face.
What would you call it?
Well rounded, well fed, we would say in England.
Specifically, apparently, so you can you vote for Barack Obama?
I did.
Mickey, how are you?
Five-year break.
I've always wondered, why would you -- in the middle of this dazzling film career -- want to go and get beaten around the head?
The acting wasn't something I was having fun doing anymore or liked doing.
You've always loved boxing, haven't you?
Yes.
How did it go, the boxing?
It went good.
Did you ever think you could have been a proper contestant?
I never say could have, would have, should have.
But what does it give you, that feeling when you get into the ring?
You know what it was, I needed the discipline.
And, boy, was it the comeback movie?
Well, you know, I did the movie at a time when I still wasn't very bankable.
Why?
No.
What do you think?
Well, you know, the guy did a really great job with the nose.
Is that from the fighting?
Well, you know, I always had trouble with wrapping my hands, because my hands would swell up.
Why do you think you did it?
Well, I did it because I had some issues when I was very young with authority and with physical --
In the wilderness years, I mean, when you were walking, say, into a store in Hollywood, a grocery store or something, what was the reality of that?
It was terrible.
You actually hear that line?
Oh, yes, didn't you used to be.
ORGAN: What was the worst name?
I'm not going to go there.
Who were the guys, the other actors who really stuck by you?
Well, Stallone helped me out.
Had you seen each other since?
Once.
When you met up again this time, how did it go?
It's always nerve-racking.
Or was it weary?
Well, the first time we saw each in over 20 years was last year or something.
What was your view of the book?
I don't have any desire to read it.
Anyway, what's the next thing you want to talk about?
No, but I -- I mean, it's fascinating, because I have discussed this with you before.
Do you ever wonder about that?
No, I don't have to wonder.
You feel me?
I think I'm feeling you, Mickey.
Do you understand them better?
No, they're stronger than us.
Hey, listen, it would be a really terrible place if it was just me, you and these camera guys, you know?
It would be a terrible place.
Are an easier guy to go out with, to date, to be with?
No, I'm -- to date, not necessarily, no.
Is that the ultimate?
Listen, when I -- listen, just to get the second chance, they're letting me back in the door.
Do you still feel that?
Oh, yes.
Do you still drink much?
It wasn't the drinking.
What was your problem?
My anger.
And does that still flare up?
Sure.
Does he know he butchered my mother?
Now that he has seen your face, he knows.
He came out to your premier last week?
OURKE: Yes, he did.
Who told you?
You told me.
What do you make of what's happening with your country right now?
I have -- I like the way you say with your country.
What is going wrong with America?
I don't really have one, to be honest with you.
Are you learning a bit of diplomatic tact in your old age, Mickey?
Yes, I am.
Do you think actors should spout off about politics?
I'll let you read my mind.
There's a wild rumor you got engaged recently?
No, I didn't get engaged.
Are you with anyone in any sort of serious way?
None of your business, Piers.
You're quite bossy, aren't you?
I am.
Do you always get your own way?
But you see, you did it.
Really?
Yes.
I mean, you boss him around?
He's big, but he's very gentle.
Do you feel lucky to have met Seal?
Of course.
Because it felt like the pair of you had been sort of searching for each other and then you collided, and you have this extraordinary life with hundreds of children and fabulously successful careers?
Four.
Was it really?
Yes.
What were you both doing there?
I was just visiting a friend.
You knew him, right?
I hadn't met him before.
So what happened then?
Then we met each other again, but always with friends.
Do you want to go through it again (ph)?
It went like this and normally we'd go and we just went like this.
And who gripped who?
We both gripped each other.
And what were you thinking in that second?
I got really hot.
Did you think this is the guy?
I was like, oh, wow.
Had you kissed lots of frogs to get to this point?
Yes.
Otherwise, things just don't get done, do they?
So you squeeze hands, and then you get married.
He had an igloo built on a mountain?
Yes.
And what were his exact words of proposal?
"Do you want to marry me?"
What did you say?
I said yes.
ORGAN: And then what happened?
And then nine months later Henry was born.
How do you be a mother to four children with everything else you do?
You know, I don't know how that happened.
Are there any more planned?
No, that's it.
Do you like working with him?
I do.
How do you keep this skinny figure that you have?
I don't.
Did you ever imagine when you started it there would be nine seasons?
No way.
-- right?
I am.
Did I pronounce that right?
Yes.
Was that always the dream for you?
No, not at all.
You conquered the world of modeling, didn't you?
A little bit.
Not thin enough and too short?
For this industry, yes, because the designers such as him, they require the girls to be a certain weight, height and size.
And, also, it's dangerous sort of nonsense that he's spouting, isn't it?
I mean, I --
If I don't, I go back to Germany and I do something else, you know?
I mean, there is a danger --
Any -- any scalpel at any stage?
No.
Would you ever?
I mean, I don't want to say never.
You like making money, don't you?
That, too.
Where did you get that from?
I don't know if I'm that smart at it.
Is that true?
That's true.
-- keen to do that?
I've been here since '94.
What do you think of America?
I really like it.
In the modern era, in the last sort of 30, 40 years?
In Germany, definitely, yes.
What's next for the Heidi Klum Incorporated machine?
More designing.
Really?
From the things -- yes, that I cook up.
-- to, any of them, to get into fashion, would you worry about it, given the experiences you've had?
I would not push them.
-- a rock star like their dad?
Yes.
Well I -- I look forward to these kids growing up, actually, because they must -- they're going to look great and be very talented, aren't they?
Oh, they're a lot of fun.
What's your proudest achievement, you personally?
Oh, my family for sure.
And then what?
And you come home to a guy who just gets on bended knee in igloos and sings you crazy.
ORGAN: What has been the single greatest moment of your life?
Doing the Piers Morgan interview.
You don't want to be old and 80 and facing death, do you?
No.
What's -- what -- what -- what shall transpire?
Yes, but you've done a lot, that's the point.
Done what?
Made some of the biggest TV shows --
Dark matter?
That's pushing the universe, expanding the universe.
Why do you need to know what dark matter is?
Because that could be the answer to the mystery of life.
ORGAN: Do you ever want to find out the answer to the mystery of life?
I am intrigued.
Do you fear death?
I'm in torment.
What do you hope happens?
That this continues.
Why do you still put yourself through this?
Piers, if you were given the opportunity to get a great interview, a great interview, but you're -- you're sick and you're tired and you're in your bed, wouldn't you get up out of bed --
Is that how you feel, the same way?
Yes, I'm going to do that record.
What will happen if I don't?
You might -- you might be able to relax.
Relax and do what?
Spend more time with your horses.
Is it?
I think so.
I look 60?
I think so.
What is the one thing, if you're completely honest, that you enjoy above everything else that you've ever done?
I like making people laugh.
Do you like stand-up comedy?
I -- I wish I -- well, I do a form of it with enough good material.
If comedy is the thing that really gets you going, do you not fancy taking the ultimate risk, and going on a stand-up tour?
Well, I -- I am, basically, in the one man show called "How Time Flies."
What did she teach you about life?
My mother was an exuberant, silly lady.
Shatner joke, yes?
I'm such -- I'm terrible at the jokes.
What was the one from your roast that you found most offensive and yet funny?
Oh, the roast was -- oh, well, it was actor George Takei was given the line that was the line.
Why didn't you go to the conventions?
No, I didn't.
Why didn't you?
I should have done.
Why didn't you?
I would have done.
Why didn't you?
I just don't think they ever had one in my neck of the woods, a little sleepy village in the east -- in the south of England.
You know why?
And Captain Kirk was like my idol.
Why?
It's part of the myth.
What is the myth?
Joseph Campbell.
Are you absolutely sick of it?
No, I'm not sick of it.
Really?
No, really.
Is it, do you think?
It disappears.
Do you not worry about your legacy?
No.
Did you realize at that moment how significant that was going to be?
Not really, although we had heard rumors that the Southern stations, some Southern stations might -- might cut it down.
Is that all it's about, really?
I -- as far as I'm concerned.
But when in doubt, whack Captain Kirk?
Yes.
He nicked my best lines?
They didn't have great scenes.
Do you care?
I care that somebody in this world dislikes me.
How has Leonard managed to avoid despising you?
He doesn't know me very well.
Are you good friends with him?
Absolutely.
Going crazy?
Going crazy.
Do you have an opening line?
My mother ate cake.
-- disciples what they want?
No.
What would you like to know?
"Beam me up, Scotty."
Why?
I had built up -- I thought it was derision.
Well, do you have an ex-wife?
Yes.
Have you been like that in your life, would you say?
I have.
Unashamedly so?
Some shame.
How much?
Well --
What have you learned about women?
They're hormonal, Piers.
Have you ever said to a woman, you're being hormonal, and it's made it better?
Well, not at that moment.
But does your wife, Elizabeth, go along with this theory?
No.
Why?
She's understanding.
What have you learned about you through this whole process, about the type of woman you needed to be with?
I don't know whether it's the type of woman I needed to be with.
But there is, isn't there?
No, there isn't.
You don't think so?
HATNER: No.
You don't have a day off sick?
-- an anathema.
A day off sick?
No, I've never been sick.
Always turned up?
I've never had an understudy.
You can't even say it, can you?
It's Latin, right, no.
You're a Tweeter, aren't you, William?
I am.
What do you make of the social networking phenomena?
Well, I mean, it's extraordinary.
Is one of the downsides of Twitter, Facebook, and so on that famous people just give way too much of themselves, that they kind of kill the magic?
Yes.
What would you -- what would you choose?
Doing a Piers Morgan interview.
Can you replicate that?
Well, of course.
What's been the greatest professional moment?
There are -- Piers.
Is that what it's all about?
Exactly.
And do you live for those moments?
Exactly.
Do you believe that?
Yes.
What are you going to do?
I don't know what they're going to do.
But if you could, how are you seeing it all unraveling now?
Well, it's totally -- it's fraught with terrible decisions.
Do you think you're a good singer or you're an entertainer?
HATNER: Oh, no, no, no, no.
Does it ever stray into singing, do you think?
No.
Is it an early form of rap?
Yes.
Where do you want to boldly go to next?
I'm going to go next door.
That decision, was that the greatest decision you've ever taken?
It could have been.
But when you watched the stock going up, what were you thinking?
I thought, I'm rich, I'm beyond -- beyond any concept of being rich.
Was your decision to sell your stock, when it bottomed out, the worst decision of your life?
It was the only intelligent decision to make.
Well, what happened -- can you think of another dot-com company that exists?
A few.
So, all this sort of impression that you're this billionaire, actually, you need to sell a few records, don't you?
You've got to buy my record, and a few books, and the DVD.
Anything else?
And come in Canada when I do the one-man show.
Shall we just beam ourselves out of here?
Get out of here.
And what does Michelle think Marilyn's life was really like?
She created a kind of prison that she couldn't get out of.
How are you, Piers?
Well, I want -- let's just say I was well.
Yes?
-- of something that was done on -- something done on this new fangled technology thing called Tout.
You see?
I don't understand what issue you have with that.
What is that about?
Well, precisely for the reasons that that video has just shown me, which is that I should -- the further I am away from Meredith Vieira, the better for my career.
But I realized then -- I realized it, and I mean this in all sincerity, actually, that you were a -- at heart I saw a brilliant journalist and that's as I suspect how you would like to be seen, isn't it?
Well, yes, I would.
What's it been like for you?
Well, you know, it's really weird, Piers, because when I left the "Today" show that was my decision.
Why did you have to get up at 2:30 in the morning because you didn't have to be there until about 5:30?
5:00.
Do you feel liberated to have an opinion?
Well, I have to be careful because I am part of "Rock Center" as well.
Is it Barack Obama being weak as president?
Yes.
Or is there something just fundamentally inherently wrong the process now that has to be dramatically changed?
Well, I think you would get different answers to that.
People that watch the "Today" show who lead an often this very normal live well away from all this who must be looking at this in complete -- I would imagine -- increasingly indignant bemusement saying what is happening here to the people supposedly charged with making our lives better?
Well, I would think that people are truly fed up at this point and they're frustrated and they're hurting because of the economy as well.
What were your emotions like?
It was hard that day.
What has it been like for you battling most of your adult life knowing that you have this awful condition?
Well, I've had it for almost 40 years.
Is it very difficult?
Well, you know, I think you deal with it on a day-to-day basis.
How have you managed to stay as you appear to be pretty cheery about life?
Well, look, it's a -- it's a long road.
When did you decide to tell the children that you had multiple sclerosis and how did they react to it?
Well, we knew that at some point we were going to have to open up to them and tell them the truth.
What do you think?
Not nearly enough.
Do you know whether they are susceptible to getting this?
Well, we're told that they are no more susceptible than the general population, maybe slightly more susceptible.
They couldn't have a better role model than their father?
Absolutely not.
Do you just enjoy it?
I love it.
For all these people who are desperate to be a millionaire, what's it like?
You tell me.
As somebody who has worked her way up the journalistic ladder, and done it the hard way and with great integrity and so on, how do you feel about the appointment of Chelsea Clinton as an NBC reporter, given that whatever her connections, whatever her background, she clearly hasn't done the journalistic hard yards?
Well, people get in for all sorts of reasons.
Of all the amazing moments you've experienced as a journalist, Meredith, in your career, if you could relive one again in the next five minutes, if I had that power, what would you choose?
I would -- boy, I've seen a lot of places and I've done a lot of things.
What's been the love of a great woman like Meredith in life for you and your life particularly, given the challenges that you've had to face?
She's sitting next to me.
Why Michelle Williams?
Because I've always loved Michelle's work.
What is the decision making process as a filmmaker in choosing the right kind of person to play somebody so famous?
I think there's a lot of ingredients in that decision, if you like.
What surprised you most about her?
Oh, gosh, I suppose the sort of -- the biggest discovery that I made along the way was that Marilyn Monroe was a character, and that how we commonly think of her, that was a part that she played.
How did that happen?
You're just looking for the right man.
Do you feel a bit weird when you watch it back there, just how convincing it is?
Oh, gosh, I don't know.
ORGAN: Michelle, what did you think of Marilyn as an actress?
I suppose that was one of my other big discoveries along the way, is that, more than anything, she wanted to be a serious actress.
So I think after the break, Simon I want to know whether Michelle Williams is equally as big a diva?
OK.
Anything else you want to tell us about her?
No, I think that's a very good description.
Are you like that, or are you very professional about these things?
ILLIAMS: In al honesty, I run ten minutes late every day, everywhere.
I mean, admit it, Michelle, you must feel sexy when you're playing Marilyn Monroe?
Honestly, no.
Why did you find it so emotional?
You know, it -- I've never spent this long with a character before.
How is life for you?
It has a routine.
In your big directing debut, you must be excited?
Very, very excited.
Will Gabby run again?
It's looking pretty good that she'll be in a position where she can make the decision to run for her seat again.
How did it start for you?
Well, it was -- for us, it was typical.
Could anything prepare you for that call?
Well, it's interesting.
And you ring back to get more information, didn't you?
Yes, so I wasn't even sure -- after I got off the phone with Pia, it was a very short conversation.
Were you hearing the same kind of erroneous information?
Yes.
How did you find out that she was still alive?
Well, I --
For a fact?
So the airplane also had a phone.
What is the first thing that you find there when you get there?
Well, it was a busy day.
Were you getting any sense of how this was playing out around the world, or were you very much locked in that room now?
I was pretty focused on what was going on with her.
When you saw her like that, if you're honest, looking back on it, did you fear then, you were never going to get your wife back in any kind of normal form?
So, yes, part of me feared that.
Isn't it?
Yes.
Do you remember much of that time, or is that all just a blur to you?
Well, about 10 minutes after he walked out of the room, Kirsten Gillibrand and Debbie Wasserman Schultz, two of her very good friends from Congress, were there in the room with us, and they were talking to Gabby, you know, for a good amount of time.
And with Gabby, what was the moment for you when you thought for the first time, I may get my wife back?
Even before she opened her eyes, she would -- you know, with her eyes closed, she took -- I took my ring off my finger once.
As she used to do?
As she used to do, just like I'm doing here, and she would, you know, just -- you know very naturally, you know -- so you knew she was in there.
What was the first word that she spoke?
Well, it was reported that she said the word "toast," which she did around that day.
Were you there when she first said that?
I did -- yes, I was standing right there.
How does that feel?
Well, it feels great.
But are you going to get through it?
Yes.
You can get through it?
Yes.
And it was tough, hard, every tiny step of the way, right?
Well, you know, a lot of people have rehab that affects one part of their body, the relearning how to walk or relearning how to use their limbs or in her case, you know, the -- the speech.
Isn't that amazing?
It's amazing.
Did you know any of this before?
I didn't know any of it.
Were there particular songs or singers that seemed to have a particular effect?
Well, things she knew well.
So Don McLean has basically got a lot to be thanked for, right?
Yes, yes.
Really?
So Megan Morrow, the music therapist, would play some U2 and some -- I mean stuff that she's familiar with and likes to hear.
It hurts you, right?
Yes.
How did she react in the moment when you were able to finally tell her?
Well, we had a plan that we would tell her things as she asked.
And how was she able to react to it?
Well, initially, she -- you know, she was -- she was shocked.
BONO, U2 VOCALIST: What's on your mind?
Looking forward to coming home.
When did you first meet Gabby?
Well, I met her about seven years ago on a trip to China, with a group of young, Young Leaders Forum.
Do you remember the first moment?
Yes, I remember seeing her for the first time.
And when did you realize this was actually potentially the woman you wanted to spend the rest of your life with?
Well, we didn't go on a date until -- I went -- after that trip, I went over a year without seeing her.
Of all the hot dates, huh?
Yes, a maximum security prison.
What was it about her that you liked so much?
Well, she laughs at my jokes.
There must be moments in your relationship early on when you say -- honestly, I would love to have dinner next Wednesday, but I'm actually going to be in space?
Yes.
Is that right?
Yes.
Has it affected her ability to have a child?
Well, we don't know.
It would be an incredible way to seal the recovery, wouldn't it?
It would be.
How is she right now?
She's doing great.
What would you be thanking, in particular?
Well, that Gabby is alive, first of all.
Really special moment, that, wasn't it?
It was.
What is the reality?
I would say neither.
Have any of his family made any attempt to contact you?
No.
Are you surprised at that?
You know, I'm -- you know, I don't spend a lot of time thinking about it.
ELLY: As a family?
Yeah.
Does Gabby have any thoughts towards the man that shot her?
Well, you know, she doesn't spend a lot of time being angry about it.
Is that a fair reflection of how she is now in terms of being able to talk and so on?
I'd say it is now.
What's your gut instinct?
So I don't know.
Have her politics changed?
I don't think so.
Has her view of gun control changed at all?
You know, we haven't talked a lot about it.
What do you think if Gabby was here she would say to people that they should be thankful for, given this life-changing thing she's been through?
Well, certainly, you know, in her case, with one event having such a serious impact on her health, I think she'd remind people to be thankful, you know, for your health and for your family and, you know, for being alive.
Is homosexuality a sin in your eyes?
Yes, I've always believed, Piers, the scripture shows that it is a sin.
How do you explain that a just God can allow these kind of atrocities to happen?
The world we live in is not a perfect world.
What is your view of state execution?
I'm for second chances and mercy, yet, there's consequences for what we've done.
If I ask you about abortion what would you say?
My view is that every baby should live.
Do you like being interviewed or do you find it a bit of a minefield?
You know what, I enjoy it.
How could you possibly get any happier?
Well, you know, I think we all can, if we -- if we learned, you know, what to ignore and, you know, certain battles not to fight, just, you know, I think we can all be improving and growing and being happier.
Why have you selected Friday as a day of great joy and happiness?
Well, Piers, for the most people, the studies show that people are happier on Friday.
Why?
I think people are looking for the weekends, looking forward to it, getting to relax, you know, done with work and, you know, I've also read, Piers, where there's more heart attacks on Monday than any other day.
What about the poor guy who's trapped in a factory job or something or maybe has no job who, just through lack of opportunity and bad circumstance, is unhappy because he can't get out of that?
Well, Piers, to me, faith is all about learning to be happy where you are.
Do you believe, fundamentally, that money can make people happier?
You know...
Victoria, you're shaking your head, why?
Well, I mean, it helps, I mean, it helps but, no, I don't -- I've seen people who are very wealthy and they're unhappy, they don't have good relationships, they may even have bad health and ...
Why can poverty stricken people sometimes find joy in their lives?
I think there's not so many distractions.
Or is he always this content happy chap?
Angry, no.
What gets his goat?
Well, I don't really think he flips out but what -- he likes things to be right, you know, and, you know, I've watched him when things aren't right and he chooses to see the best in the situation.
When's the last time you heard him -- when's the last time you heard him shout, Victoria, come on?
Never.
You've never heard him shout?
No, he's never shouted ...
He's never shouted?
...and if you -- hey, listen, if you live with me and you don't shout, you're pretty good.
And I would imagine you can be quite lively, right?
Well, you know, I like to keep things hopping.
Do you never shout at anybody?
No, no, that's not my personality.
Let me just clarify, you've never shouted in your life?
Well, I probably have, you know...
ORGAN: When was the last time?
...I can't remember.
What's the look?
It's like ...
So, what -- what frustrates in the noisy, what can ruin your Friday?
You know, I don't know if it would ruin my Friday but I -- like she said, I like things to be right, I like, you know, I like organization.
Have you ever had a fist fight?
I never have -- I never have.
Not even when you were a kid?
Well, probably with my brother, yes.
Never actually -- have you ever been punched in the face?
No.
Have you ever been punched in the face?
Yes.
You have?
Yes.
How do you explain that a just God can allow these kind of atrocities to happen, ruining so many lives?
You know, it's difficult, Piers, but the world we live in is not a perfect world.
Has it ever -- did your faith ever get dented?
You know, it really...
So, what do you say to people, again, who might come to you and say, I -- I can't continue having this faith because some appalling thing has happened?
You know what, that happens from time to time but, again, I go back to the fact that, you know what, having faith means you're going to have unanswered questions.
What do you say to them?
What I say is this, God's got you in the palm of his hand.
Victoria, have you -- have you ever had your faith dented?
Well, no, I've never -- I never have, you know.
How do you have -- how do you have moments, for example, when something bad has happened, you know, in your life or something that's really affected you badly and you've prayed to God to have that situation end in a happy way and then it hasn't, so your prayers haven't been answered, in that circumstance do you not feel slightly let down?
Well, you know what, I can't tell God what to do.
Do you ever watch yourself back on TV?
I do.
Do you?
I do still edit them.
How have you developed that?
Well, my mother has had a great memory and when I started, you know, my dad just spoke extemporaneously and just would go and I couldn't do that.
What do you think of the whole issue?
You know, it's a complicated issue, Piers.
A life for a life?
Well, I don't -- I don't know that that's -- you know, I -- it's -- it's hard for me.
You can't be the man who influences millions of people and sit on the fence about key moral issues like that, key moral stroke ethical issues and you've got to have a view haven't you?
Well, I think the thing is, is we have a justice system and I believe in our system of justice, number one.
If I asked you about abortion, what would you say?
...well, abortion, I -- I feel stronger about because it -- I feel like...
What's your view?
...my view is that every baby should live, that, you know, that God's created that life and, so, again, that's what I feel strongly about.
Should there not be a more consistent view?
.
Is homosexuality a sin, in your eyes?
Yes, I've always believed, Piers, the scriptures shows that it's a sin, but, you know, I'm not one of those that are out there to bash homosexuals and tell them that they're terrible people and all that.
What's your view now?
You know, Piers, it really never changes because mine was -- mine's based out of the scripture.
I mean, like everything else, doesn't it have to move with the times and isn't it down again to people like you to interpret it in a way that evolves when you're -- you're known as a very progressive preacher?
Sure.
What if Texas eventually, in a moment it's an unlikely place I would imagine to bring this in, but it may change with enough pressure, Texas brings in a law that same-sex marriage is permissible, how would you feel then if it's the law of the land?
Well, you know what, I'm going to respect the law and I'm going to respect gay people like I do now, you know, have plenty of people that come to our church and -- and friends, I would call, that are gay so I'm going to respect that.
You could never do that?
No, it would be against what I believe the scripture teaches and, so, that's where I think the rub comes in with people like myself.
I mean, could you ever imagine attending a gay marriage between two people who come to your church, for example, if they invited you?
Well, I think if it was that easy, that we would have figured it out by now but it's been overthrown, states go for it and then they overthrow it, and it's -- so it's very difficult for people...
Would I accept one?
Two gay people who attend your church invite you to their wedding.
You would?
Well, I don't -- you know, if I had time I would.
Joel, would you go?
If they were friends of mine...
Could you be seen to do -- could you be photographed at such an event?
Well, I would not...
Really?
.
You would say?
I like to vote on the candidate.
Who do you like out there?
.
...who would it be?
...good thing I don't have to right now because it's too early in the race.
What do you think people most care about?
I think -- are you talking about political issues ...
When people come to your church, what are -- what's really concerning them?
They care about their relationships -- their relationships, their finances, and their health.
Do you think politicians, today, are doing the -- the right kind of thing or are they too busy squabbling with each other in Washington to understand clearly, as you've just defined it, what the real issues are for people in America?
Yes, I think they're squabbling too much.
When you see them all ranting and raving and being deliberately obstructive to getting things done, what do you think?
Well, I think, like most Americans, I would hope that they would work together and, you know, what I -- what I see that's difficult these days is any kind of compromise and, you know, it's hard to get 100 percent of what you want.
Would you be comfortable with that?
You know what, I'm comfortable with -- that would not stop me from voting for somebody.
Are there aspects to Mormonism which you find offensive?
I don't know a lot about it and here I go again but I don't know a lot...
How can you keep saying that?
...I don't know a lot about it but here -- here's the thing.
Like what?
I don't know -- I don't...
Well, what are the things about Mormonism which are awkward for you?
You know what, I don't know enough about their -- their beliefs to -- to point out what they are, to articulate it well but here's what I -- here's what I believe that, you know, Mitt Romney says he believes that Jesus is the Son of God, that he believes Jesus is his savior, that's the -- to me, those are the foundational things, when I look at somebody, could I vote for them, do they believe, you know, in the major things like me.
Could you vote for a Jewish candidate?
Sure, I could vote for a Jewish candidate.
What do you make of what's going on with the Palestinians and the Israelis right now?
Well, it's a -- it's a difficult situation.
You've both been out there recently I think, to Israel, right?
We did.
How did you find it?
We found it very peaceful.
Does it worry you that so many areas of conflict of the world are religion prompted?
Well, I don't...
Do you ever stop and think, wow, how did this happen?
I do.
Is that right?
That's correct.
But, on the books, which sell by the squillion, you keep all the cash?
Well, we -- we give.
Keep some of it?
We do.
Do you have any problem (inaudible)?
It's right, when you -- when you have to pay the light bill, you know.
Yes, but, I mean, you're -- you're like multimillionaires, aren't you?
Well, we don't have any problem -- I don't think God has any problem with you being blessed.
Do you like being rich?
Well, I like being able to help others.
Do you give to people who come to you for help?
Sure.
Would you happily write more money to the Treasury?
You know, Piers, again, it's so far out of my league, I would do...
Well, not for you personally, but do you mind paying more tax?
.
...well, what do you think, ideologically, and I'll ask you Victoria, of the principle of rich people -- people paying more tax generally?
Well, you know, I think they pay good a sum -- I pay a good amount of taxes right now as it is.
You actually believe all that?
... you know.
Is it just a convenient thing that rich people come out with?
Well, you know, I -- I don't know.
I think that, you know, just like you, you know, do you want to pay more taxes?
I wouldn't mind paying more tax.
It's a different class structure, isn't it?
I think it is.
Do you like being interviewed or do you find it a bit of a minefield?
You know what, I enjoy it.
Would you be happy with that?
Oh, I'd be thrilled, you know, there's nothing greater than for your children to follow in your legacy.
I mean, are you going to have to keep an extra close eye because you're the Olsteens, everyone be looking to trip them up?
Oh, you know what, I never feel like it like that.
What's he talking about?
Oh, well, we -- we have good conversations.
What's your perfect Friday?
Well, we like to have a good dinner and we like to either ride our bikes or we like to just hang out and talk or, you know, we may ask a few friends over.
What's the secret?
And I respect him even more.
Yes, what's the secret of -- of the Joel Olsteen magic, you think?
Well, I think he's a man of what he -- of his word, I think he's a man of what his word, he's -- he's always looking for the best in any situation.
Do you agree with all that Joel?
ORGAN: Oh, that -- that and more.
You -- you can't ignore it, I mean, you must get some groupies, any?
Oh, I have some kind people, I don't call them groupies, but people that, you know, they feel like you've helped them and you know what, I -- listen...
Do you get all that?
I don't -- I don't...
Are you like popular like Tom Jones, you know?
I don't -- no, not in the work we do.
Ever do that?
Well, I -- you know, it's funny because when I -- when I'm out, even by myself, this is what women say to me, oh, Victoria, I love your husband.
Did you have a 13-year affair with this woman?
No.
Did you know her for 13 years?
Yes.
Did you have a 13-year affair with this woman?
No.
Did you know her for 13 years?
Yes.
Wolf, an extraordinary twist today because you weren't expecting him to come out with that until halfway through your interview, is that right?
Right.
Was this an affair?
No, it was not.
There was no sex?
No.
None?
No.
What do you make of all this, Wolf?
It was very strange because Lynn Wood who is a prominent lawyer in Atlanta, he's well known to a lot of TV viewers out there.
The question is, I guess, can she prove it was inappropriate?
Yes.
Because if it turns out that he is lying about this affair, you would have to imagine that would be the end of his campaign, wouldn't it?
Well, you know, you remember the Anthony Weiner case.
What do you make of today's new revelations involving Herman Cain?
Well, Piers, certainly if these allegations by Miss White are true, then it certainly goes to the issue of the character and the honesty of Herman Cain.
I mean, is it really credible that a woman would make a charge of a 13-year affair if there was simply no truth at all to it?
Now apparently she has quite a bit of corroboration in the form of at least numerous texts, perhaps e-mails, perhaps other evidence from Herman Cain.
In light of what's come out today, Gloria, are you planning any further action with your client?
Not with my client, but I do feel that she is extremely credible and her corroborating witness, one of them, Dr. Zuckerman, the pediatrician, came forward.
Is this new or does it just seem new?
It seems new.
Who do you think right now Barack Obama would least want to face?
I think, frankly, that Obama's biggest opponent is the economy.
Is he terminally shot below the bows now, do you think, in terms of this ongoing series of scandals about his private life?
You'd think so.
Why does he not get more attention?
I think most people don't know who he is.
I like the Big Shaqtus, but which one of those do you particularly like?
The new name that you just gave me.
Which one?
The big duke.
I know it wasn't probably the perfect scripted ending, but do you feel inside you it's the time to go on?
It felt right.
Taking up golf yet?
'NEAL: No, not at all.
With 10 percent of people in this country unemployed, I was like, what are they up to, these guys?
Well, you used the wrong choice of words.
What do you think of Obama?
You know he's the president, and you know, I come from a military background.
Do you think that having the first African- American president has made America more or less racist?
I would say less.
Do you?
Yes, I do.
When you've worked your way up from nothing to be what you are, what has happened to stop that kind of thing happening?
I'm not sure.
How to expand beyond the sport?
Yes, yes.
But it's pretty awful, isn't it, what's been going on?
It's very awful.
I mean, unless I'm mistaken, it wasn't that you hated him, you just both wanted to be top dog, right?
And I'm glad you understood that.
Who is the best player you've ever seen?
I'll have to go with Michael Jordan.
Really?
'NEAL: He knows -- yes, that man right there.
What I've always wondered about you is, do you ever go out and people pick a fight with you?
No.
More to do with the fact that you're seven foot tall and could pummel them to pieces?
Well, maybe a little bit.
When you look back on it, with the exception of the births of your kids and marriage and so on, what is being the one moment you would relive again, that's been the greatest moment?
All of it.
It's getting better, my accent?
It is getting better.
How do you feel about still being around?
Well, first of all, I've been blessed.
In terms of the medication you had to take every day and so -- how do you keep as healthy as you clearly appear to be?
Well, first of all, you take the drugs twice a day, but I work out every day, too.
It's the World AIDS Day on December 1st, what is the overriding message you would like to communicate on this particular anniversary?
I think to continue to help people understand this disease hasn't gone anywhere.
Do you wish you'd carried on?
Well, first of all, you know, dealing with Shaq, Shaq is so amazing.
Or were you more disappointed by those you thought would who didn't?
Well, I think that I was more shocked that the people who did support me.
That must have really annoyed you, isn't it?
I'm still mad today about that.
And if you're playing in a team, a small team of people, and you're both touted by different sets of fans to be number one in the game, there's going to be a rivalry, isn't there?
No question about it.
Who's the best you've ever seen?
Well, Michael Jordan was the best, and -- hands down.
I would imagine that you walk out and you got Shaq O'Neal bearing down on you, there can't be many worse moments in sports, are there?
Well, he's the one I would love to play with.
Did it ever happen at al in the current climate?
Well, I think when we look back at it, we wish it didn't happen from both the owners side and the players side.
What is the one basket you scored that if I could give you a minute of your life back, you'd do it again?
1987, the hook shot versus the Celtics.
How often do you think about it?
All the time.
Every day?
Not every day, but all the time.
I mean, when a candidate starts telling supporters it's time for a reassessment, it's over, isn't it?
No, not at all.
Are you 100 percent confident, you, his close friend, his adviser, are you 100 percent confident that she is simply inventing a 13-year affair?
Piers, I'm not 100 percent confident that when I walk out of this building that, I'm not going to get struck by lightning.
Who do you believe?
You know, I have no way of knowing who to believe in all of this.
But are you really going to look the American public in the eye collectively as a team and say, every one of these women is a fantasist?
No.
I mean, why wouldn't his lawyer say the same thing he's saying?
No.
If it turns out Herman Cain has been telling porky pies and has had an affair with this woman, would you then advise him to stand down?
I would advise that that is a blow that would be difficult to come back from.
Why, Michael?
You know, I just think that -- Mark.
Isn't that going to be antagonistic?
He needed to do the documentary.
Do you accept that?
I just got to say this.
Will you appeal?
Yes.
Does Conrad Murray have any money?
Well, the judge might assess restitution in the sum of $100 million in January when we have to go back to court.
Were you expecting the worst of it?
Today, yes, I have been expecting the worst ever since the jury said guilty.
And how is Conrad today?
I haven't talked with him today.
I mean, are there many doctors in Hollywood that would ever do that to somebody of Michael Jackson's stature?
I think that they have to know that somewhere along the way that the whole thing's going to go off the rails.
What do you make of it?
I think it's appalling.
Of all these cases, John, which is the one that has the most significance to you personally?
Well, I have to say Elizabeth Smart.
Dane, how are you?
Piers, that's the introduction I wish I had every time I went home right there.
What are you at?
I'm about 1.5.
Isn't that true about comedians?
We're fragile souls, Piers.
So why be on a medium where a load of people come on every day and say you are not funny?
Right.
That's true, isn't it?
Yes.
It's the ultimate kind of thing that you crave, isn't it?
Well, yeah.
How many have you literally laughed into bed?
Oh, wow.
How about you?
Not as many as you.
Is that it, four?
You can't leave it at four, because you need a football team, with at least five a side.
Don't you?
No, because one is bound to turn out to be an A-hole.
-- produce a whole breeding ground of young comedians and comediennes?
Boy, I don't know if I would want to catapult put them into that world.
I've always been curious, when you're a comedian and you're high profile and you're out there and you're facing audiences and stuff, how easy is it to use comedy as a mask of how you're really feeling in situations like that?
Yes, you definitely reach a point -- and I know that through my 20s, it was really about what I was experiencing then, just partying, being young.
Is that healthy or unhealthy?
I think it's what we are.
Do you still have days when you just bomb, when it just goes horribly wrong an, when you face that awful moment for any comedian?
I think right now.
Seriously, did you ever get those days anymore?
Yes.
Subjects?
No.
What's the ambition left for you?
I think it's -- I made a choice a few years ago.
Is that your message?
We are reassessing and re-evaluating.
But are you staying in the race?
We are re-evaluating and reassessing.
How soon until we have a final answer on your future plans?
We'll be making a decision in the next several days.
Is he toast?
Well, it's hard for me to know.
Do you feel sympathy for him?
Well, I don't know about sympathy at all.
Never mind Washington but to the electorate as they used to be?
Well, probably not.
What do you make of this?
Well, I guess you could compare it to many others that have done this.
I mean if this has the desired effect on the global economy and impacts favorably on jobs, is Barack Obama sitting pretty?
Well, time will tell.
Senator, how are you?
I'm doing great, Piers.
What are you going to do to save the day for your campaign?
I love this preoccupation with national polls.
What do you think of Herman Cain's crisis that he's in, where he's being hit with this slew of sexual allegations?
ANTORUM: Well, what Karen and I do in all of these races is we pray for all of the folks who have to go through this very difficult process.
How's it been for you in particular living with this and having to run for president?
It's very difficult.
I suppose the obvious question, why did your client keep his silence all these years?
Well, I think that a fair question and I think it really requires us to really understand how sexual abuse by authority figures like Sandusky coerced silence and secrecy and shame, and cause this survivor and other victims like him to really believe that they're being cared for and to believe that it's their fault.
I mean what does your client feel when he hears that Jerry is just a big old kid?
Well, what he feels and what every survivor feels when they hear that kind of denial and minimization is fury, because there is a tendency of people like we just heard to want to believe the most powerful and effective among us like Jerry Sandusky wouldn't do something like this.
And what should happen to it now?
Well, what I feel is important as what we need to really do and the question we need to ask first is why did Jerry Sandusky for as long as he did be allowed to do what he did for decades to so many kids while so many people around him saw the signs or got the reports and did nothing, and chose instead to protect him and the institution.
Why are you doing it?
Well, I think a lot of mistruths have been written about Phoebe and I think that it was time to take her back to reclaim her as ours and to put an end to some of the stories that have been going around.
Were you taken back by the kind of worldwide attention?
Very much so.
What was -- what was the motivation?
'BRIEN: I was taking a career break.
How they would adapt?
No, not really.
What kind of girl was she, Phoebe?
Extraordinarily intelligent and vivacious and great sense of humor.
Was she a confident girl?
In ways, she was.
The reason I ask is I think crucially to how this all play out, when you enrolled Phoebe at the school, you did tell the officials that she was susceptible to bullying?
I did.
What had happened before that made you feel that?
Phoebe, she had -- she had a run in with some girls before.
In Ireland?
Yeah.
What did they say to you?
Oh, that will be no problem.
And one of the vice principals was called on a personal call and asked to keep an eye out for Phoebe?
So they knew.
When did you discover for the first time that Phoebe was being bullied?
November.
What could you deduce?
Well, once, in December, she told me that one of the girls involved in a new incident of bullying kept coming up to her in the hallways and screaming at her.
Did you know that these girls were using social media like Facebook and so on to bully her as well?
But she wasn't -- the bullying on Facebook, the cyber bullying that has been put out by people, was just a small component of the bullying of Phoebe.
This is a systematic abuse of somebody, isn't it?
Oh, yes, it is.
To drive somebody to suicide and they just but "done" on Facebook?
Or "she got what she deserved," that was another one.
Why were they so determined to force Phoebe into what eventually happened?
I -- I honestly don't know.
It's wicked, isn't it?
It's -- it's astounding that there was never a stop mechanism, you know, internal stop mechanism for some of these kids, to say this is going too far.
What is your reaction when you see again Guy Sayer saying that so soon after Phoebe died?
It was -- it was very painful because, you know, you realize as a parent that no matter what I did, no matter how many times I called the school, no matter how many people I might have spoken to there, that she didn't stand a chance there.
And as a mother?
As a mother, I think that had the school intervened the way they should have intervened, if they had followed up the way they should have followed up, that Phoebe would still be here.
Do you feel that justice was done?
I'd like to actually clarify, because I know that there are some journalist that think that prison terms were on the cards.
Has she ever said anything to you, Sharon Velazquez?
No.
Nothing?
No.
Never wrote to you?
No.
Did any of them write to you?
No.
Did you feel that remorse was sincere?
I did.
Did you pick up on that?
Oh, absolutely.
What have been the implications of that for future cases now involving bullying?
Well, they were tried as youthful offenders, those that fit our -- that were under the age of 17.
In simple terms, what that is law?
Essentially what it does is mandate the schools to report incidences of bullying, should they believe that that -- an act is one of bullying.
What would you like the legacy to be?
Well, ideally, I would like it to be that humans just treat each other in a civilized manner and no boundaries.
You're not?
No I -- no, I'm not.
And actually if the legacy is that, in future, schools are just more aware, they take more action earlier, and some lives can be saved rather than lost, because of what's happened, that is at least a positive that comes out of this hell for you, isn't it?
Oh, absolutely.
What makes you so sure that your client is telling the truth?
Well, I have seen no evidence, Piers, no evidence to support the accusations of Miss White.
Do you know, Mr. Wood -- Mr. Wood, do you know what the -- do you know what Mr. Cain's messages said?
I know a bit -- I know just a few of them.
How has he paid her?
I know that Herman Cain has -- as he has stated publicly, over the last several months on occasion has helped her with her rent.
Do you know the answers?
Thank you.
And when a candidate has been accused now by five different women of various forms of sexual misconduct, it is slightly stretching credulity to suggest that all of the women are simply fantasies, isn't it?
We've had two of them that have spoken out publicly.
Herman Cain was giving an interview -- well -- OK, effectively, you said that this kind of allegation, because it didn't involve harassment, was a private matter, right?
I said very clearly that as I understood the nature of this accusation, which I was unaware of at the time because I didn't learn about it as Mr. Cain didn't learn about it until just a few short hours before the broadcast was going to air on Monday.
-- making the whole thing up, is it?
I don't know why she decided to go out and give this interview and make these accusations against Mr. Cain.
So why should he tell you?
Well, it would be helpful to your client, given there's no evidence he's paid anybody else if you just said yes, Herman Cain pays a lot of women to help them out when they're in times of need.
That's like, did you beat your wife last night?
No, because he said it.
Really?
Absolutely.
Did you know -- did you know that Herman Cain was making these payments to this woman?
I know what Herman Cain has said publicly.
How much money has Herman Cain paid this woman?
I can tell you, again, what I know publicly.
Do you know whether there is any potential issue there in relation to the nature of these payments?
I don't believe there's any potential issue there with respect to the payments on the part of Herman Cain.
Are you 100 percent certain that she never, ever stayed in a hotel room with Herman Cain or came to meet him in a city where they had dinner together, where there could be a public record?
Are you ever -- have you ever said with respect to someone else, that you're 100 percent certain about something that person may or may not have done.
When you heard his lawyer there getting very passionate, very heated, clearly trying to draw some kind of line here, being pretty vicious about the media treatment of his client, what did you make of it?
Well, there are a couple of things that really stood out to me, Piers.
Or do you think maybe this is going a little bit far?
Look, one of the things that we know is that more than the laws and policies that politicians make, in terms of impacting our culture, it is how they conduct themselves.
Do you feel now like this is the tipping point?
Well, certainly he has suggested that it is.
What do you think is going to happen over the next few weeks involving this increasingly unpredictable race?
I wish I knew, Piers.
So Vegas?
It's a perfect fit for us.
When is this happening?
It is starting on February 3rd.
Thoughts?
Sounds like a good time.
What was -- when you first played here, what was the experience like to you?
It was pretty exciting, you know, because, you know, all of us grew up here.
I -- there's a picture somewhere of that, where it's sold out, Friday, Saturday and Sunday, and how much bigger do you get than that?
Yes.
Does it not bring back quite the happy memories it does for the others?
Let me see, I remember back when The Byrds played here, The Doors played here, all that stuff.
And what was it like to realize that dream?
You know, like it was like a dream come true.
Do you feel lucky?
I think we're very lucky.
Oh, you're 49?
I'm 48.
You're 50?
No, I'm 60.
You're 49, right?
Yes.
You look at Mick Jagger and think, he's still bouncing around in his 60s, so can we?
Yes.
Just grow old disgracefully?
Yes, disgracefully.
Is it all it's cracked up to be, when you look back, do you wish you'd been slightly more temperate?
I think we just had fun.
What were you doing, Nikki?
I was selling light bulbs.
What were you doing?
I was painting houses.
Mick?
I was repairing motorcycles.
Amazing, isn't it?
Yes.
-- would you agree with the rest of his assessment?
Yes, of course.
Nikki, you've been nerdy, though, haven't you?
I think -- I grew up in Idaho and I always looked up to these bands like Aerosmith and Kiss and the Stones.
How do you answer to that charge?
That's a pretty good overall description.
Yes?
Yes.
Unpredictable?
You know, that, I don't know -- I don't know about that.
Who was the bigger hellraiser?
Well, I think Ozzie did win in the end.
What were -- what were you doing?
Well, when she would leave, he would ride on our tour bus with us.
Ozzie?
Yes.
Like, you know, how do you top that?
I can't remember -- I think one or two of you recently described a kind of average day at the height of Motley Crue mania, when you were in the party phase, and it was just utterly compelling, every detail was compelling.
How would it go?
It was just -- it was just one big day.
First thing you do?
First thing you do, yes.
Was it a good idea?
EE: We thought it was.
How many times did you do this?
Actually, I think it only happened once.
No real need to inject it?
There's -- no, that's what we were like.
Did it taste any better coming through your veins?
It drips down the back of your throat.
Then what happens?
Just at the gig, you know --
Did you ever get rejected?
The boyfriends would say no.
What sort of drugs are knocking around there?
It's kind of everything.
Remember the bottle caps?
Well, yes --
How could I not (INAUDIBLE) what was going on?
Terrible.
Now, the gig ends, you've got a two-hour -- two-hour show, on average?
Yes, two hours.
What happens back -- is it -- is it sort of heinous backstage, as I always imagined?
Well, it was like the different -- we had the shower rooms.
Clarify?
You know, we just -- it would just be -- it would just be, you know, girls and drug dealers and just alcohol --
How many women are backstage?
There was always enough.
You'd take six?
Yes, he always -- he always took more.
To be the most excessive band ever?
And that's what the audience was in for the same thing.
Do any of you still drink?
I occasionally drink.
No drugs anymore?
No.
So you've cleaned up, basically?
Yes, I -- (CROSSTALK)
Isn't it sad, really?
It's a bit sad.
Do you feel sad or is it like one of those things that eventually, that's it?
I mean for me, it just quit working and it just started to go the other way.
You nearly died, didn't you?
Yes.
But what was the moment for you when you finally kicked heroin, because it's a notoriously hard drug, you know, to get rid of?
You know, I went to rehab.
This arthritis that you have -- how does that affect your life?
You know, actually, it's more of an inconvenience than anything else for me, because it's like, you know, standing up straight is -- is real tough for me, because -- just to make a long story short, when I'm on stage, this is the most -- worst part, walking into things.
Really?
Walking into microphones, walking into the -- to the drum riser, walking into like sets, things that I want to see on stage that move and do kind of things are like I can't see it.
I sound like a doctor, huh?
Yes, you do.
-- because it's a chronic condition, isn't it?
Yes.
Did that change everything for you?
Well, I mean, you know, as a father, you know, you want to be there to protect your children and -- and do whatever you can to keep them safe.
And you knew that, did you?
Yes.
If people want to donate money, how do they do that?
SkylarNeil.org.
As simple as that?
That's it.
Tommy, you've got two children, two boys?
Yes.
How old are they now?
Fifteen and almost 14.
And what's it like for you being a dad with two young teenage sons?
Well, it's -- it's awesome.
How do you think -- how are you going to deal with that?
Yes.
How do you deal with it, in terms of advice you give to your offspring?
I've done...
You've got four kids, right, don't you?
Yes.
And have you gotten where you've had to do that?
I have a 20 -year-old, I have a 17 -year-old, a 16 -year- old and a 10 -year-old.
Then what do you say?
You know, I just try to share with them my experience.
Want to -- want to -- want to try a number out there?
Geez.
Where are we headed?
I'm not -- I'm not touching this one.
I don't think we've ever even really talked about it, have we?
No.
Like Vince said, 50 percent twice is how much?
Yes.
Who's the woman?
You know, I'm really happy in a relationship right now.
It would be her?
Yes, it would be her.
The current lady in your life?
Absolutely.
Tommy?
The same.
Mick?
The same.
Are you?
Yes.
In LA?
No, in Vegas.
In Vegas?
Yes.
Any regrets?
I think you just learn by your mistakes, you know, and don't really regret them.
How have you managed to keep this kind of relationship with each other, which seems very good?
I think we've, you know, we've known each other longer than anybody else besides our parents and -- and -- and brothers and sisters.
But you'll know that moment?
We're going to know.
What was the -- what was the greatest night of them all, the one -- if you could have a party tonight, you'd have again, what was the one?
Wow, man.
I could have said any city in the world, couldn't I?
I remember that.
Well, I managed -- I got lucky there, right?
Got lucky, yes.
You've never done this before, right?
No, no.
Well, it's so Vegas, isn't it?
So it's -- it's a perfect fit for us.
When -- when -- when is it happening?
It's starting on February 3rd and we're going to be...
How do you get tickets?
We go to -- we, you, everybody --
Are you -- are you planning the mother of all shows?
Yes.
Is this going to be the biggest extravaganza?
Yes.
Another album on the way?
You know, I think that we're getting to that place where -- I mean, I know I've been writing.
If you could write your own epitaph?
Well, I mean I -- I think, you know, with -- with this band, you know, it's just kind of like, you know, we did it our way.
Mick?
The palest guy in rock and roll.
Tommy?
Oh, God, I don't know.
Shall we one more for the road?
Let's go.
Were the 80s as good fun for you as I always imagined they had to be?
You know, when I went to London for the first time...
What do you mean?
About you being pretty naughty in your past.
I mean, when you sang Girls Just Want To Have Fun, Cindy, what kind of fun at the time did you have in mind and how much of it did you actually help yourself to?
When I sang that song I saw it as an opportunity to reach out to all young women and girls of every color and make a song about entitlement for women and in humor -- with humor and capture the people's imagination and color, capture the people's imagination and present an image of women that wasn't what was out there but more like the people that I knew that were the creative types and offer young women of all races an opportunity to see themselves in a different light.
Huh?
Ozone Park seems fitting.
ORGAN: Does that mean you're so engulfed with guilt for your bad behavior?
Hell no -- heck no.
What did you do to get expelled?
Oh, you don't -- I -- I ...
What did -- what did you do?
No, no.
So this was number two?
...yes, this was number two.
What was number one?
AUPER: Oh.
What did your mother make of your career as it unfurled?
The first time, she said, you know, Cin, I didn't know -- well, you know, I was always singing anyway.
Are you a -- are you a Gaga fan?
Yes, I like -- I -- there's some stuff I really like and I saw her do this thing when we doing the Viva Glam campaign where she did like a George Segal sculpture where she looked like a George Segal sculpture.
Where is that?
I think so.
You think?
I think so.
Now, who -- who the heck is going to -- that's ridiculous, right?
Nobody wants to hear you talk in any other way but like this.
Has all the hope that he came into power with evaporated?
Oh, all right.
ORGAN: Do you think it's as simple as that?
Hon, I'm a woman and I know for a fact from day one, it don't matter what color you are, they blame the woman, it's her fault, all the time.
I like the Big Shaqtus but which one of those do you particularly like?
I have a new name that you just gave me.
Which one?
The Big Duke.
I mean, I know it probably wasn't the perfect scripted ending but do you feel inside you it's the time to go on?
It felt right.
Have you taken up golf yet?
No, not at all.
I was like, what are they up to, these guys?
'NEAL: Well, you -- you used a wrong choice of words.
What do you think of Obama?
You know, he's our president and, you know, I come from a military background and, you know, I'm all about respect and, you know, he does a -- he does a hard job.
Do you think that having the first African American president has made America more or less racist?
I would say less, I mean, you know, Dr. Martin Luther King had this dream and the dream has finally come true and, you know, it's a hard job.
Do you?
Yes, I do.
What has happened to stop that kind of thing happening?
I'm not sure.
You had this tough stepfather who I think you have great respect for but your mother, really, was the driving force, wasn't she, for allowing you, I guess, to -- to live a dream that you've now lived?
Yes, my mother was the driving force.
It's pretty awful isn't it what's been going on?
It's very awful and, you know, my heart goes out to the, you know, victims' families.
You want to be better than them, I mean, unless I'm mistaken, it wasn't that you hated him, you just both wanted to be top dog, right?
I'm glad you understood that but when I was the leader Hershey and Blanchard states that leadership styles vary when you're dealing with task or relationships.
Who is the best player you've ever seen?
I'm going to have to go with Michael Jordan but -- but, you know, I think sometimes that's an unfair question because the next guy that's coming in here, Magic Johnson, he was a great one too.
Really?
...yes, that man right there.
What I've always wondered about you is do you ever go out and people pick a fight with you?
No.
Isn't it more to do with the fact that you're 7 feet tall and could pummel them to pieces?
Well, maybe a little bit but, you know, you know, people from seeing me on TV and, you know, from seeing me on Tout, they know that I'm a funny likable guy so if you say a crazy joke to me I'm going to say something back, we both laugh, we take a picture, and we move on.
What's been the greatest moment?
All of it.
How do you feel about still being around?
Well, first of all, I've been blessed.
How -- how do you keep as healthy as you clearly appear to be?
Well, first of all, you take the drugs twice a day but I work out every day too and then, besides working out, taking your drugs, I -- I really believe is your frame of mind, how you deal with it, how you accept it and how you have to live with HIV and a lot of people don't accept it well so they don't do well.
What is the overriding message you would like to communicate on this particular anniversary?
I think continue to help people to understand, this is -- this disease hasn't gone anywhere.
When you see Shaq, who has just retired after playing for the entire period since you retired, the 20 year period, do you wish, knowing what you know now, you hadn't retired when you did, do you wish you had carried on?
Well, first of all, dealing with Shaq, Shaq is so amazing, he's probably -- I think he's been the most entertaining, most dominant player we've ever had and also great for the game.
Were you more shocked by the people who supported you at the time who you didn't expect to or were you more disappointed by those you thought would who didn't?
Well, I think that I was more shocked that the people who did support me because I think that at the end of the day, even when I wanted to come back to the NBA, a couple of players came out against me that they didn't want to play against me so I think that was the most shocking thing.
That must have really annoyed you, didn't it?
I'm still mad today about that.
And if you're playing in a team -- a small team of people, and you're both touted by different sets of fans to be number one in the game, there's going to be rivalry isn't there?
Oh, no question about it.
Who's the best you've ever seen?
Well, Michael Jordan was the best and, hands down, but, at the same time Bill Russell was the greatest winner.
There can't be many worse moments in sports, are there?
Well, he's the one I would love to play with because I would have a lot of assists playing with The Big Diesel but I think that Shaq, yes, you don't want to play against Shaq because not only was he big but also, too, he was light on his feet and he was probably the best passing big man -- him and Kareem were the two best passing big men that have ever played in the game.
Do you think it was ill advised that it ever happened at all in the current climate?
Well, I think when we look back at it we wish it didn't happen from both the owner's side and the player's side.
How often do you think about it?
All the time.
Every day?
Not every day but all the time, you know, it's -- it's once a month or once every two weeks, you know, you think about it because I replay the games even now today.
Why are you doing it?
Well, I think a lot of mistruths have been written about Phoebe, and I think that it was time to take her back, to reclaim her as ours and to put an end to some of the stories that have been going around.
Were you taken aback by the kind of worldwide attention?
Very much so.
Is that what's really got to you?
It was devastating to blame Phoebe.
August 2009?
Yes.
What was the motivation?
I was taking a career break.
Very different, I imagine, to the place you arrived to in America?
Yes.
How they would adapt?
No.
What kind of girl was she, Phoebe?
Extraordinarily intelligent and vivacious and a great sense of humor, and a foodie.
Was she a confident girl?
In ways, she was.
What happened before that made you feel that?
Phoebe, she had -- she had a run-in with some girls before.
In Ireland?
Yes.
What did they say to you?
That will be no problem.
When did you discover for the first time that Phoebe was being bullied?
November.
What could you deduce?
She wouldn't tell me.
Did she ever say what it was about?
Never.
Never?
Well, once in December she told me that one -- one of the girls involved in a new incident of bullying kept coming up to her in the hallways and screaming at her.
ORGAN: Did she know that these girls were using social media like Facebook and so on to bully her as well?
But she wasn't -- the bullying on Facebook, the cyber bullying that has been put out by people was just a small component of the bullying of Phoebe.
Had she confided in anybody about how bad she was feeling?
I don't think until the last day, really.
This is a systematic abuse of somebody, isn't it?
Yes.
You know?
One of the bullies the next day was overheard saying, "done."
To drive somebody to suicide and they just put "done" on Facebook?
Well, she got what she deserved, that was another one.
Why were they so determined to force Phoebe into what eventually happened?
I honestly don't know.
It's wicked, isn't it?
It's astounding that there was never a stop mechanism, you know, internal stop mechanism for some of these kids to say, this is going too far.
What is your reaction when you see, again, Gus Sayer saying that so soon after Phoebe died?
It was -- it was very painful because, you know, you realize as a parent that no matter what I did, no matter how many times I called the school, no matter how many people I might have spoken to there, that she didn't stand a chance there.
ORGAN: What did you find out after her death about what else had been going on that you weren't aware of?
I didn't know that there were a fairly good number of teachers who witnessed things.
As a teacher or as a parent?
Maybe both.
And as a mother?
As a mother, I think that had the school intervened the way they should have intervened, if they had followed up the way they should have followed up, that Phoebe would still be here.
Do you feel that justice was done?
I'd like to actually clarify, because I know that there are some journalists that -- that think that prison terms were on the cards.
Do you feel that you got justice for Phoebe?
I think even having the charges brought was - was justice for Phoebe and for so many other kids who are bullied that - what Betsy Scheibel and Beth did was they kind of threw down the gauntlet.
I mean the circle of people that get so damaged by this kind of thing is huge, isn't it?
It's massive.
Has she ever said anything to you, Sharon Velasquez?
No.
Nothing?
No.
Never a word to you?
No.
Did any of them write you?
No.
ORGAN: Did you feel that remorse was sincere?
I did.
That these things are allowed to happen unless you put a lid on them?
Oh, yes.
Why this case and what have been the repercussions legally since you took the actions you took?
Well, simply put the evidence brought us to the point where charges were appropriate.
From a strictly legal point of view, how culpable do you think the school was in terms of not tackling this bullying before it was too late?
Well, we looked at the school behavior.
Did you pick up on that?
Oh, absolutely.
How did that come about and what have been the implications of that for future cases now involving bullying?
Well, they were tried as youthful offenders.
But do you feel that what happened with this case is making a real impact now on bullying in schools in America?
I think in some ways, yes.
In simple terms, what is that law?
Well, it doesn't - essentially what it does is it mandates the schools to report incidences of bullying should they believe that that - an act is one of bullying.
Coming up , what would you like the legacy to be?
Well, ideally, I would like it to be that - to treat children in a more civilized manner and know boundaries.
What would you like the legacy to be?
Well, ideally I would like it to be that humans just treat each other in a more civilized manner and no boundaries.
You're not?
No, I'm not.
And actually if the legacy is that in future, schools are just more aware, they take more action earlier and some lives can be saved rather than lost because of what's happened, that is at least a positive that comes out of this hell for you, isn't it?
Oh, absolutely.
So what does Sharon Bialek think now?
He has no one to blame but himself.
What do you think -- when it comes to the election battleground that you're a pivotal member of the -- of the Obama campaign, when you see this divide now being so clearly laid out, what do you think the average American is going to think of the debate?
Well, first of all, let me just correct one thing you said.
Or has the president not played his hand very well?
Well, I think that the Republican Party has made a decision.
What went wrong with the way that America used to do business so successfully?
Well, let me say a few things.
Where are you most critical on yourselves?
Well, you know, I think part of -- if I were -- I'm not going to speak for him.
Who do you, when you're planning your campaign, most fear and perhaps are most, you know, looking forward to taking on?
Well, it's hard to read because, as you say, it's been a really volatile situation.
If I can give you Gingrich or Romney to take on the president, who would you prefer?
Well, you know, I want to watch this because I'm learning things about them every day, and it's a very interesting race.
Sharon, what was your reaction when you heard that Herman Cain was suspending his campaign?
Piers, you know me, you might think that I might have been elated at that.
And you know the general feeling you got by the end was, well, he's only going because of the terrible media reporting all these outrageous lies, but it's not as simple as that, is it?
No, it's not.
I mean what is your financial position and has any of the motivation for what you've done been driven by the need for money?
Yes.
ORGAN: Were you surprised to see, Gloria, Herman Cain's wife smiling and holding his hand as if nothing had happened given the volume of women who came forward with either harassment claims or in the case of Ginger White, the affair?
No, Piers, I was saddened for her, and I'm sure that she's very hurt in all this.
I mean do you accept as some of Herman Cain's supporters say, indeed I interviewed his attorney Lin Wood about this, that there remains no hard evidence to substantiate what you say and in the end people have to kind of work out who they believe, you or him?
You know, I listened to you last week, Piers, with the Lin Wood interview.
Do you worry about the repercussions now?
Sure.
Why are Americans so obsessed with weather?
Well, because unlike Britain, we actually have weather.
Somewhere in America at any given time there is this extremity of weather, isn't there?
There really is and -- which is why this is a great job.
Why do you think people love to hear bad news, which it normally is, from Al Roker?
Well, because I think, you know, it's kind of like -- again, another one of your well -- best loved Brits, Mary Poppins, I think once said, "a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down, the medicine go down, the medicine go down."
What's the matter with you?
Here's the deal: believe me, if I thought I was putting my life at risk, seriously, I would not do it.
And what would happen?
I remember seeing Geraldo in the middle of a hurricane out to sea.
And I wanted to Tweet into the show saying get out of the water would be plan B, wouldn't it?
There is that.
How long have you been here, Piers, in America?
I've spent about four months of a year here until this year.
What do you make of what's going on politically in your country?
Well, look, you know, it's one of these things that I think I feel bad for Mitt Romney.
It's about time they renamed that place the Roker-feller center, isn't it?
I've been trying to get them to do that.
What do you personally feel?
Well, look, personally, from just a standpoint -- from an American standpoint, from being an American, seeing this happen I think was just a momentous occasion in this country.
To quote a famous chat show star in America, what was she thinking?
You know, it was a bet.
It's going to be stormy today?
No.
What do you do to unwind?
We do the same things everybody does.
I want to come back after the break, Al, and talk about your book, this sinister tone that appears to be -- unless I'm wrong -- a kind of metaphor for you wanting to murder Matt Lauer?
No, no.
Does the president have to worry about the boxing part?
Sometimes when he sees me punching, he kind of --
You were gigantic, weren't you?
I was huge.
It's clearly a euphemism for you wanting Matt Lauer's job, isn't it?
No, Matt Lauer can have his job.
Is this the angriest man in America?
These poor bankers.
You've calmed down since our last encounter?
No, I haven't.
I mean what are you like?
Well, you actually have seen me backstage here.
Do you ever wish you hadn't decided to embark on this crazy second life?
No.
What did you make of the speech?
I think that this is the Obama that I voted for, and I think the majority of people who voted for him voted for this Obama that -- today he referenced Franklin Roosevelt and that -- and that we have to get out of this mentality we've been in for the last 30 years, as he said, where it's the sort of you're on your own economy.
What are you referencing?
Of where I think you're wrong about the comparison --
The message has not got through, has it?
Well, this is a problem.
But that's not true, though, is it?
When I -- when I was of college age --
Do you believe that?
Yes, they're -- let me tell you right now.
What is the answer then?
Well, the answer is reality.
How's that?
Let's turn to the -- let's turn to the real villains.
Well, 25 percent is a lot of people, isn't it?
Yes.
The bailouts and so on, should those people who did deliberately really spend beyond their means, should they be bailed out in the way that you're talking about with these foreclosures?
Yes.
Isn't that -- wouldn't that be the decent thing to do?
No, no, no.
What would be wrong with asking for a special prosecutor to investigate how that crash happened in first place?
I agree with you.
Isn't it right?
-- is an outrage.
So you and Newt then best buddies?
Well, yes, I went down to Cobb County, Georgia, which he represented in Congress.
How do you feel about that?
Well, I have more footage.
Do you?
Yes.
Really?
Yes, I have all the outtakes that didn't make it on the air.
Is it good stuff?
There might be, yes.
Are you planning to release this?
I'm not planning on him being the nominee.
I can't believe he's going to -- how long -- what is the shelf life of a Republican candidate in the number one position this year?
Maybe like a bottle of Chateau (INAUDIBLE), he just got better with age.
He's intelligent?
He's a smart guy.
But does anything that he said resonate as potentially truthful?
No.
Why is he the front-runner?
Because it's like last comic standing on your other network that you used to -- it is going to be like the last one standing.
Are you referring to Mr. Romney?
Yes, I would be referring to him, who, by the way, was born in my state of Michigan.
Actually that is probably true, isn't it?
It is true.
What is the reality about you and your wealth?
I think Republicans and right wingers, they blow me up into this kind of really mythical, scary character.
How much have your movies grossed in total?
I don't have the number right off hand.
Half a billion dollars?
Right.
If you were to leave tomorrow, you'd presumably leave a good old pile, wouldn't you?
Yes.
Presumably you don't think everyone in the one percent is evil, do you?
Absolutely not, no, no, no.
Can I have their names, please?
You know there are good ones.
I'm going to do that, but I'm not going to demonize you?
I think that's the way he talked for the first three years.
If you're carving up Republican responsibility, Democrat and the American public, Wall Street, how would you do it?
Well, look --
That's why I asked you to do a proper pie chart, because I don't think that's fair, is it?
Well, it's only fair in the sense that you have to understand that the Republicans and the Democrats -- and it's mostly Republican, but Democrats have colluded over the years with this.
-- for the Republican nominee, what do you think of that?
Good.
Why?
Well, one, comedy.
So what is your theory?
Well, "The Washington post" three weeks ago had this investigation and they said that President Obama has now raised more money from Wall Street and the banks for this election cycle than all -- than all eight Republicans combined.
Why are you taking this money?
It's fascinating to find out why they're doing it.
I'm going to look you straight in the eye and say, Michael Moore, how many times have you been properly in love in your life?
Oh, my God.
Where are you?
Come on.
Properly in love?
Be honest.
How many time have you literally felt your heart in your gut?
Probably maybe two or three times.
ORGAN: How does she put up with you charging around the world trying to put all of the world's problems to right?
Well, she -- in some ways, she's more aggressive than I am.
Really?
On some of these issues.
What the hell's the breakfast table like?
Well, we don't -- I don't -- we should eat breakfast.
How many times have you been in love?
It's irrelevant to this interview.
How much do you feel you owe Martin Kindu Isaacs (ph), your husband now?
I feel that I owe him my love.
When you look at what happened to Amy Winehouse, do you think that could have been you if things had played out a different way for you?
I know -- I know it could have been me.
Does anyone still want the Trump seal of approval?
The debate is December 27th.
Why is that and do you care?
Well, I don't really care, but I don't think I'm getting it too much.
Did Mitt Romney call you himself to say he wasn't going to take part?
Yes, he did.
And what did he -- what did he say?
Well, he couldn't have been nicer.
So you're not going to miss him kissing any part of your anatomy?
No, I won't miss that at all.
What do you say to those critics in particular?
Well, you have to understand, the reason I host "Celebrity Apprentice" and "The Apprentice" and it's become one of the top shows on television, and as you know, many nights, in fact, for a period of time, it was the number one show on television, and continues to get great ratings.
Do you find him funny?
I don't -- I think he's OK.
What do you think of him?
Well, first of all, the debate is a Newsmax debate and that's a very powerful organization, and they really are, and they've done an amazing job.
What did you think of his point that he made?
Well, I don't think he said it the way you said it.
What do you think of that as a principle?
Well, he's really playing the class warfare very hard.
Is there a better way for him to say the same thing?
Well, I think there are a lot of better ways.
Is there any momentum now building even slowly in the American economy, or is this false hope, do you think?
Well, I hope there's momentum.
I mean, are you not genuinely tempted?
Well, first of all, I never flirted many times.
And would it be fair to say that right now it would be pretty unthinkable that you would endorse anybody outside of Romney or Gingrich?
Well, I don't want to say that.
Would you consider being a vice president to any of these candidates?
I don't think so.
If one of these Republican candidates came to you and they became president next November, for argument's sake, and they said, look, Donald, we would like you to now be the trade negotiator for America, with China, with OPEC, and so on, would you take that job?
Well, I certainly would consider that, because we need that.
What do you think the key issues are?
Well, I think there are a lot of key issues.
And you're going to give them a hard time, Donald, if they start taking you on and shirking the questions?
No, I don't think I -- look, first of all I know them.
Do you like that?
Well, if the title -- if the word Diva means hard work, a woman that knows what she wants, and won't take no for an answer, I don't mind being that.
When do you really lose it?
I mean, I don't ask for much, you know.
What are the little things that can really drive you bonkers?
If my dressing room is cold.
How cold does it have to be before you explode?
If it's freezing, you know, if it's like super cold, uncomfortable.
What do you have to have?
I have to have lemon and honey.
What do Twizzlers do?
Well, the licorice, it moistens your vocal chords.
So if I eat loads of Gummy Bears, would I suddenly get a huge voice like you?
I don't think so.
Is it that kind of thing that you crave?
It is very important.
Who are the people you think of first?
LIGE: My first thought is God, thank you, because without you, there is no people.
The individuals who have been there for you when it's really mattered?
I think about my mom, automatically.
What were the values that meant most to her, do you think, that she instilled in you?
To be clean, to be clean, to keep our bodies clean, to wear clean underwear.
What does she make of what you've achieved?
My mom is very proud of me.
Or did she always think that she had a little live wire that had an amazing talent that may one day lead to this?
Well, she's not surprised.
ORGAN: Are you shocked?
You know, I was.
Well, what feelings do you have to your father?
I love my dad.
What was it like for you, at that moment?
Well, it was exactly that, because I was making a turning point in my life.
What was the tipping point for you?
The tipping point was during the "No More Drama" album -- that album cycle, because I feel that I had drank myself -- like that was it.
But you felt you were going to die?
Yeah, so when it finally happened, I was like, wait a minute, this is not what I want.
Who abused you?
Exactly.
How much do you feel you owe Martin Kendu Isaacs, your husband now?
I feel that I owe him my love.
And your life, potentially?
I don't owe him my life.
When you look at what happened to Amy Winehouse, do you think that could have been you, if things had played out a different way for you?
I know.
When a moment for all African-Americans, I mean, around the world, never mine just America, right?
Right.
Did you talk to him, the president?
I did.
What did you say?
I said I love you.
How do you think he's been dealing with it?
I think he's dealing with it pretty good, given the situation -- the situation he was put in and the mess that was thrown on him.
Do you think, if given another chance, if he's re-elected, he can do perhaps what he wanted to do from the start but has been restricted from doing?
I believe he's capable of doing -- of having another chance.
On TV or whatever, who makes you laugh?
Larry David makes me laugh.
Why aren't you as a productive two superstars just lying on some sun lounger in a bikini spending daddy's money being a brat?
That's a really good question.
Where do you get this desire to scare people?
Well, you know, I don't know.
When you were trying to analyze the best way to do it -- you're one of the best people to ask -- what is it?
Well, first of all, you have to have really good characters because if you don't have somebody that you really want to spend time with, it might be -- it's going to be a workman like sort of book.
What conclusions did you draw after that about the death penalty?
I was very disturbed.
Is that how you feel?
ORNWELL: I do.
Where do you draw the line as a writer?
I draw the line like I was saying a minute ago, like if someone said, do you want to watch an execution for research purposes, I would say no.
How do you feel about the people that rejected you?
Well, the first three books I wrote they should have rejected, they were really awful.
And are you a Democrat?
I think I am a Democrat now.
Is President Obama that person?
I think we should give him another chance.
If you're a crime writer of your renown, do you read that kind of thing in the paper and get, you know, pretty excited?
I've not only heard about that, I went -- looked at the autopsy report.
Did you really?
Absolutely.
And what was your conclusion?
That it was a really well done autopsy and there is no evidence whatsoever that she was a victim of foul play.
Do you have crazies coming after you?
Sure, you get some.
Is this true?
She's attached to it and we're hoping to begin filming next year.
How cool is that?
I think it's going to be way cool, lots of fun.
That's what you want to hear, isn't it?
Absolutely.
Do you ever do that?
I think about it every day, because I still get inspiration from cases I had back then, clients I knew, people I knew back 20, 30 years ago.
Was there a wakeup moment, a utopia moment when you went, whoa?
No, it was very gradual.
CDEERE: Reveal privileged information that violates attorney- client confidences, get me disbarred then testify in open court against the mafia?
Well, unfortunately, Mitch --
But that's not true in real life, is it?
It's certainly not true in real life.
What do you make of that debate, given the way that the law has changed due to technology in many ways?
Well, if not for DNA, there would be no Innocence Project.
Do you think it's time just to move on?
Well, personally, yes, I'm opposed to the death penalty, very much opposed to it for a lot of reasons, moral reasons but also questions of fairness, how it's implemented.
What did you think of that?
Didn't really follow that closely.
Do you think the right verdict was reached in that case?
You know, I hate to pass judgment.
The Muppets, Miss Piggy, dream come true?
Dream come true.
Because how is it going to get any better than this?
Let's have a little look at this, because this is the stuff of dreams.
Did you fund a celebrity?
Yeah, I wanted to talk to you about that.
How could do you that?
Best acting I've ever done in my life.
Why aren't you, as a productive of two superstars, just lying on some sun lounger in a bikini, spending daddy's money, being a brat?
That's a really good question.
Biggest names that walked through that door?
Michael Jackson, Ray Charles.
Didn't you go in a car with Michael Jackson once and spray gun complete strangers with a water pistol?
It was a childish prank, yeah.
You actually did that?
Yeah.
That guy just knew how to do it, didn't he?
He did.
That would have been that, right?
Maybe I don't know.
But did you have any kind of gut feeling you wanted to be like them, be a star?
Well, you know, the star part of it was never interesting to me.
That is so sweet, isn't it?
So sweet.
What does he think your biggest talent is?
That's funny.
Home run, isn't it?
Yeah.
You want to come touch the turtle?
And nourishing the soul.
Hey, did you maybe tell people that I diagnosed that guy with mumps based on his porn photo?
I did.
What's going on?
Um --
But who would be the perfect guy be?
I don't know.
Make you laugh or laugh at your jokes?
That's a good question.
Love and romance?
It was.
Is that -- is that the holy grail for you as a performer?
You know, I've never won -- I was thinking about this, I have never won anything before as a performer.
If I said to your father, right, I can award Rashida a Grammy for an album produced by you, Quincy Jones, or an Oscar, which one would he go for?
I think he would go for the Grammy, because he really wants me to sing.
So can we take the mere fact that you are on board as a sign that he's getting serious?
Well, this campaign is much more consequential than any couple of hires, but the reason he's risen in the polls is very simple.
Are we really going to have the debate about who's the more -- reliable conservative if you're representing Governor Romney, Senator Talent?
You know --
Piers, can I answer that?
Whoa, whoa.
You respond to what Kellyanne said, by all means, but also what are you going to do about the fact that all the momentum is now with your rival?
Well, look, this is a debate that we need to have.
Is Newt Gingrich really geared up, do you think, as the opponent, for the long haul?
Well, we are.
Do you think he can do that?
He can and he has.
From your perspective, obviously, you have to remain fairly neutral at the moment, but how are you viewing the race as it's progressing?
Well, I don't know if the gloves are off.
How are you, Piers?
I'm very well.
I mean can you see any of the other candidates really making much of a push at this stage?
I watched the debates, you know, on Saturday night.
I mean what is your expert assessment of the two candidates?
I think -- I think that's a pretty good assessment.
And he just exacerbated that, didn't he?
Well, that's one of the things that you fear going into a debate.
What are you seeing?
I think that's absolutely right.
Who would be, do you think?
Well, I think --
What do you make of this surge by former Speaker Gingrich?
He's somebody who has been around a long time and is good on TV, is good in debates and -- you know, but Mitt Romney has shown himself to be somebody who is good at politics as well.
Should we read into that that they're probably more worried about Newt Gingrich?
I would give them some advice.
It was all a bit of a storm in a teacup, wasn't it?
It sure was.
Do they?
I don't believe they do.
But what are your views generally about who the next mayor perhaps ought to be?
Well, I think it's going to be really hard to follow Mike Bloomberg.
Where do you think he is right now, given all that's been going on?
When I see a speech like that, it looks like he's getting ready to fight and take some numbers.
What do you think of the way their race is going?
I don't think it's going very well at all.
It seems a bit trite to say that, because in any kind of society where you have this kind of financial meltdown, isn't it instinctively the right thing not do, that the rich should contribute a little bit more to the recovery than those with no money?
I think people like Warren Buffett -- I'm not in his class.
Who do you think is going to be the Republican nominee, as we sit here today?
I'm a movie maker.
So what do you want to win?
Here's how it happens -- this is -- this is where King Solomon taught me a great lesson.
Wouldn't that be a nice night if they both won?
Tell me about Margaret Thatcher.
What did you think of that?
Listen, that's a sexy, fun, entertaining movie.
The big question everyone is asking, why did you waive Jerry Sandusky's rights to have this hearing today?
Unprecedented in large cases, normal in almost everyday cases, I have to point that out.
You've taken a big gamble, haven't you, in removing your client's right to have all that?
We have.
Are you a pedophile?
No.
Am I sexually attracted to underage boys?
Yes.
I mean, do you see to, again, an impartial observer just how awful that sounded?
Taken in a vacuum, I can't disagree with you.
ORGAN: But tell me this, when you hear a man of Jerry Sandusky's age talking about having horseplay with naked 10, 11, 12- year-old boys in showers, don't you think to yourself, this is very, very strange behavior for a man of that age?
I do think it's strange behavior for a man of that age.
If you were prosecuting this, given the sheer wealth of allegations and the volume of people making them, would you feel pretty confident of at least some form of conviction here?
Absolutely.
Let me ask you first, Bobby, why have you done this?
I believe I'm coming forth to help children, to give them the courage to talk.
Was the real problem here, as it seems to have been at Penn State as well that these kind of coaches at college level in America are put on to this kind of god- like plinth, you know, they're almost untouchable, and they start to believe they're untouchable?
That is true.
Why go after him?
Well, Piers, because Coach Boeheim was the coach of -- and is the coach of the Syracuse men's basketball team.
Does that apology make any difference to you?
Too little, too late, Piers.
What do you think of that?
The statute of limitations does apply in New York to bar Mike and Bobby from any criminal case prosecution of Mr. Fine.
Do you think that Jim Boeheim, given what he's said about you guys -- do you think he should be fired, given he's now tried to retract his comments?
That's not for me to say.
Do you think this goes back to that sense of they're just to powerful to touch these guys?
I think they do feel like that, in a sense.
What do you make of the way this race is now unraveling as we head towards Iowa?
I appreciate the fact that you indicated to your audience that I'm not terribly objective.
Who would you rather President Obama face, when push comes to shove?
First of all, I like Jon Huntsman, too, which probably isn't going to do Jon Huntsman any good in the Republican party.
How does he avoid the banana skin?
First of all, I wouldn't say I self-imploded.
What did you make of that comment?
Well, it's very colorful, obviously.
Should America just allow this drone, with all of the technology, to be sitting there in Iranian hands?
Look, that's what's got us into Iraq, go in and blow everything apart.
What can you tell me about that?
Well, there are 3,400 men and women at Camp Ashram, which is about 60 miles northeast of Baghdad, surrendered their means of self-protection to the United States Army in 2003 and 2004.
In simple terms, how should the president deal with Iran?
Well, I mean, every time we go to the U.N. to try to get a sanction, we -- they end up building a couple more centrifuges.
Does somebody die?
Yes, somebody died.
Could you give me your thoughts on that?
That was always my -- that was always my intention to become the new Piers Morgan.
Howard, it doesn't get better than that, does it?
First of all, your read was impeccable.
Parents, Teacher Council or something?
The Parents Television Council.
Is that right, Piers?
Completely.
And people say to me, what's their talent, and I guess they'll throw the same thing at you and say, all right, you're a good deejay but what else do you do, and the reality is you don't have to go to the sun to know it's hot, right?
That's right.
Would you like to clarify that?
Yes, I think it goes back to what I was saying before that, you know, I think a lot of times Howie and Sharon, you know, pick someone just to kind of annoy you.
Do you have any advice for me?
Yes, I would avoid Howie Mandell like the plague, would be my main advice to you .
Who's on next?
I'm interviewing Claire Danes from "Homeland "who I think is one of the great acting talents in America right now.
Mr. Crowley, what are your thoughts as the Iraq war ends?
Well, it was an extraordinary effort, Piers, and perhaps, you know, on -- at one level it was nine years.
Does that make the war in your view potentially an illegal conflict?
That's a very good question.
What are your feelings about that?
ROWLEY: Well, you know, eight months ago I thought that Bradley Manning's treatment out of Brig in Quantico was a distraction and was actually undercutting the unnecessary prosecution.
Do they feel once it was clear the weapons of mass destruction didn't actually exist that it was a legitimate conflict?
What was really extraordinary about those three USO tours was that it was probably one of the most -- really probably -- I was profoundly, you know, changed by it.
It is disappointing if Donald Trump really doesn't run that we could miss out on President Trump, isn't it?
Yes, I think -- I think that we have to as a people reclaim a certain kind of rationality when it comes to candidates.
Because Herman Cain was, from a comedic point of view, gold dust, wasn't he?
He's stellar.
Only to really examine whether you feel being accused of being too zany, and this seems certainly an appropriate question for you, Lewis, one of the zaniest man in America, is being zany a criteria for not being taken seriously as a president?
Well, I mean, zany is not a word I'd use for Newt Gingrich.
How much of this -- and I really want the answer to be a lot -- how much of her is in you?
Um, we're both phony blonds.
The more successful the show has got, that that kind of issue becomes very, oh, ok, better be careful here?
I just finished filming.
How exciting is that for you from an acting point?
It's wonderful.
If you're about to do it, OK, what would you want the other person to say, like right before?
This won't take long.
Don't I know you?
No, for real.
Terrifying?
Yeah.
Is that true?
No, that's not true.
Is this true?
ANES: It wasn't overtly offered to me.
ORGAN: Really?
Yes.
What else did you get into?
Well, I had a very -- I had a steady boyfriend at the time.
Do you love it?
I do.
Have you got better at dealing with that?
Paparazzi are difficult.
What are you doing?
It's a machine I just made!
You've racked up some awards, haven't you?
That was an intense run.
Was it love at first British sight?
Um, no.
And you've been married what, two years now?
Yes, two years.
Your toes?
I don't know.
Who gets the more jealous about the love scenes the other ones have to do?
It's miserable.
It is, isn't it?
It is.
Do you want to yet?
Yes -- eventually, I'd love that.
Getting broody yet?
Look at you, pokey, pokey McGee.
See how I used that shamelessly?
We'll see.
ORGAN: So what's left, "Homeland," presumably there will be another series of "Homeland," right?
We're doing another season.
Oh, you are?
Yes, yes, yes.
See how it easy it is to get that stuff out there?
Yes.
If I cut off your cord to everything else and left you with one thing, what would you do?
I guess play piano, you know, because that's the thing I started doing when I was a little kid.
You were playing Mozart at the age of 5, right?
No, I was playing "When the Saints Go Marching In" at the age of 5.
When was the moment you thought, this could be more than just a hobby, this could be -- this could be my lifetime thing?
Well, my dad was the district attorney of New Orleans for about 30 years.
You can't buy it, can you?
No, you really can't.
If somebody older than you walked in the room, you should stand up?
Yes.
Is that right?
Yes.
Right?
That's right.
She had cancer?
Yes.
Did you realize that she was dying or not?
I knew she was not feeling well.
He still lives in New Orleans?
He still lives there and he's in great health and he's handsome and strong and got an incredible moral and ethical backbone.
What would she have made of what's happened to you, your mom did?
Oh my gosh, man.
When did you hear about it and how quickly did you realize how bad it was?
I heard about it on -- I knew the storm was coming.
And when you got there and saw the scale of devastation -- I mean, as someone who had been born there, raised there, what was going through your mind?
It's hard to articulate, Piers.
Why was it not just obvious there was this awful disaster unfurling?
Well, I'm not privy to all of the details that unfolded and led people to make certain decisions.
I -- you know, at this point, what good is it going to do to blame local or state or federal government?
Some people, you know, said it was kind of surreptitious racism, that it was the fact that there were so many poor black people meant that the authorities didn't respond in the way, if they had all been middle class white people.
And what is New Orleans like these days?
Awesome.
Was he scathing of the authorities?
You know, we never really talked about it.
Are you sure about that?
-- underneath this gentle cheery exterior.
How many people do you think have made love to your music over the years, Harry?
I don't know if I want to think about that.
Because when she makes me put out the trash, seduction isn't part of that order, you know?
When I thought you couldn't get any more sickening in terms of the perfect life and career, I remembered that you actually married a Victoria's Secret model.
How did you wangle that?
I don't know.
Oh, is that right?
Yes.
-- throw themselves at you?
No.
When you say been with, what do you mean, Harry?
Doing movies.
You talking about another way?
ORGAN: I wasn't quite sure if I was losing a bit of --
Did you ever meet Frank Sinatra?
I did, on a few occasions.
What does he think of you as the young upstart?
ONNICK: Oh, I don't think he thought of me like that.
No?
I mean, this guy had 40, 50 years of people saying that they were upstarts.
Did he give you any advice?
The closest thing to advice that he gave me was when I asked him how he hit this high A flat -- we did have a similar range.
I mean, it's not great advice, because you need to be Frank Sinatra for it to work, right?
Exactly.
Is that -- was that a technical thing that he had over other people?
I don't -- I wouldn't say that was what made him great.
And that one piece of advice he gave you, have you been able to do it?
I still can't hit that note.
Were you there?
-- at the Beverly Hilton in LA.
Do you -- do you remember that?
I was --
Do you remember how bad I was?
You were terrible.
He didn't even reply to you?
He didn't even look at me.
But, I mean generally, do -- do you get fired up politics, by what's going on to your country?
I like to watch sort of from afar and learn what I can, just as a citizen.
-- do you watch the debates?
I do enjoy --
Are you -- do you -- do you veer to either party or no?
I think, you know, right now it's -- it's interesting to -- to see what everyone has to say and what --
Out of the Republicans?
Yes.
Did you vote Obama last time?
I did.
Can he sing?
Yes, he really can.
Are you going to do it?
I'd like to do it.
When is it launching?
Previews start November the 12th.
And I'm assuming there will be some hot tickets for me here, Harry, right?
Absolutely.
What's that?
Standing room only.
-- to America?
I think you should sing to me, because it will look more awkward.
Tonight, is Kim Jong-Il's son just as dangerous as his father?
His dad couldn't be trusted.
How many times have you been properly loved?
This is PIERS MORGAN TONIGHT.
If you were President Obama would you be picking the phone up now to the Chinese to make sure there is nothing untoward that now happens?
Well, we have a shared interest in the outcome.
I mean this is just a stunt, isn't it, for western media eyes?
I think that we all think -- are very cynical about this.
How dangerous is North Korea right now?
North Korea as a state has a considerable blackmailing capability because they have a large concentration of artillery aimed at the city of Seoul, which is the capital of South Korea, and has a very large population.
When you look at all the candidates for the Republican race to be president, which one of them from their foreign policy statements is the one that you think is most suited to be president of the United States?
I have tried to stay out of the debate but in the Republican Party.
Would you find him sexy through his voice, his brain?
Well, the voice alone.
Amazing voice, isn't it?
I mean my pants fell of during the commercial break.
You mean like the old Moviefone guy?
Yes.
Who is in charge here?
Well, first of all, my Twitter is called @kathygriffin, and if you want to send them to a real star, send them to me.
Are you looking forward to humiliating Anderson on New Year's Eve?
I really live for that night.
ORGAN: Really?
I'm going to drunk dial Wolf Blitzer.
What is a roofie?
OK.
Are there cards?
I just haven't heard it called a roofie before.
Do you fancy him?
I do fancy him.
Can you save this shameless plug until later?
Well, the name of the special is funny, "Tired Hooker."
You're not going to go back to Dr. Kissinger?
I get what I want --
You must be sad that Herman Cain is not in the race any more, aren't you?
I'm living.
Who's the biggest nut bag?
Well, it changes.
Correct?
Let me ask you, though, about him.
Why wouldn't I be?
I don't know.
What's more embarrassing than this moment for me?
Was that an old time --
Really?
Yes.
But that is utterly embarrassing, isn't it?
Yes, I know, it was great.
How did you feel when you woke up?
Because unlike you, I'm among the people.
Oh, really?
And you lost complete control.
May I call you Piersy?
You may call me whatever you like.
What have you still got?
RIFFIN: I've still got a banging bikini bod which is really -- it's a burden at this point.
Are you dating a younger man?
Yes.
How much younger?
Youngerish.
Like how many years?
A few.
What?
More than four years younger.
Is he more than 10?
Yes.
More than 20 years?
No.
So 15 years?
You SOB.
Are you and this man on the picture right now having sex?
Yes.
Is he?
No, but --
Fifteen?
I'm excited you think he's legal.
Do you recommend toy boys?
Well, I think that there is -- I think I have a better chance of being asked out by a younger guy than a guy my age, for sure.
How old are you?
I'm 46 but I look younger.
Really?
My fourth Grammy nomination in a row.
You ever won?
No.
Do you mind just never winning or not?
No, I'm bitter.
Aren't they?
Absolutely.
Why else would you be there?
No, you're there to win.
Unlike you who spent your life on the D-list, is that right?
RIFFIN: No, it's A.
Is that right?
I like how you're basically making me the new Madonna.
Somebody here said, would you date Kim Jong-un, the new leader of North Korea?
He's a little old for me.
How much of Kathy Griffin is fake?
Do they mean my physical body or my personality.
Do you know you're on television?
Yes.
How much have you spent looking this young?
Well, the body part is all real, although I did have lypo one time.
-- thing you spent money on body-wise that you're most proud of?
None of it.
Do you know her?
You said if Ryan gets "The Today Show, you will never be watching it because you hate him.
Did you go to Kendall's Super Sweet 16?
No.
Don't you admire their work ethic?
I don't think I heard you correctly, because I think you said work ethic.
What did you make of the extensive 72-day marriage?
That's heaven for me.
Was it a scam or do you think true love just hit a rocky path?
I love that you think they started with true love.
A certain age?
Yes.
-- dating a much younger guy and then marrying him -- I mean, do you worry about your position?
I love that you think I have a position.
I assume we were talking about that?
Why don't we talk about --
You must miss it, don't you?
Yes, that was so much fun to do that show.
What is the secret to getting away with looking hot in your 60s, 70s?
Look, I'm not in the class with those women.
Who do you most admire?
I admire those chicks.
And you know, Gloria Steinem gave me this great hilarious lecture about how -- can you say vagina on CNN?
You just did.
Where are you going with this?
This goes -- then I go to Glo Vanderbilt's house, who says no, no, no, don't worry; your vagina is fine.
What do you got, Piersy?
Probably --
Are you going to tear me up?
What we call in Britain my P-45.
Who would care?
Everyone wants --
Who cares?
That's a spin-off of "Little People, Big World."
What's with my neck?
No idea.
Can I be honest?
Yes, yes.
Why?
I haven't gotten you fired.
What is your address, real quick?
You know what you've done --
What's your phone number?
You've shown that you can do live TV with the best of them.
Did I get bleeped there or not?
You're always getting bleeped.
OK, what's your question?
Nothing really.
She's driving up or what?
There we are.
What do you think of Lindsay Lohan?
I love her.
I don't know -- how can I help you get off the desk?
Because the only possibly useful thing about you is you are well connected.
Can you get me Cher?
I'm sorry.
Did you come out during the commercial break?
No.
Are you an openly gay man?
No.
Really?
Yes.
Who turned out to be surprisingly interesting in the chair?
Surprisingly interesting.
Why?
Now that you mention it.
You wanted Kissinger for the hour?
Yes.
Who?
We couldn't.
Could be better than you?
Yes.
But why on Earth would he ever sit down with you?
Because he has given no television interview in 40 years.
What do you bring to the table, Morgan?
I'm a huge fan.
Why should anybody watch it?
It's very funny.
How many times have you been properly in love?
You are insane.
How many times?
Have I properly been in love.
If I could give you five minutes to live, and you could relive any moment of your life, what would it be?
It would -- I would relive the first five minutes of this show.
Why are you never serious?
No, I'm just not serious with you.
Why?
I have trust issues.
Are attack ads the price of admission in politics?
I believe the people of Iowa are smart enough that they can see the difference between somebody who's trying to help the country and somebody who is simply running a negative campaign.
Would you agree?
Well, it's working for a variety of reasons, Piers, but what I'd satisfy is this.
What's your reading of these fluctuations?
Well, there's durability in Newt's numbers based on what you've shown.
Yes, it's, as I said, lacerating, but it also has the benefit of being factually correct, doesn't it?
Not all of it.
Would you dispute any of the details?
Not all of it.
Jump in there?
Sure, so Governor.
What is Newt Gingrich's view of this apparently intransigent position by the Republicans which is causing endless grief to everybody?
Well, if anybody wants to know Newt's views on anything go to Newt.org.
Isn't it time for a president who looks like a 1970s game show host?
Yes.
Isn't part of the problem for Mitt Romney is that people do look at him and think '70s game show host?
Well, you know, first of all, none of these candidates are perfect.
Governor Pawlenty, we really don't want to have the debate, do we, about which candidate in this field has changed their mind?
No.
Let me start with you, Mary Matalin, I mean is it too late for Sarah Palin?
Thank you.
Technically is it too late?
Not technically.
I mean is the field still open or are they in the end going to choose now from what would appear to be a narrowing field?
Well, I would say this about Sarah Palin.
Knowing the lay of the land there, how do you see things panning out in the next couple of weeks?
I think that we are on a collision course with a Ron Paul victory in the Iowa caucuses.
I mean the way this has been structured now this year coming up with New York and California, a song coming much later, this process could go on for months and months and months with the leadership changing quite dramatically, couldn't it?
That's right.
Why is that?
I think it's really the words you used, character.
And what makes him special?
Well, what makes him special is his will to win, his drive, his desire.
What is wrong with a God-fearing guy who goes out, works hard, you know, does his job but believes in God and sends a positive message?
HITAKER: Right.
I mean, am I wrong about that or is that a particular talent that he has that is putting him slightly above the others at the moment?
Well, because of his skill set and his athleticism, he can get away from the rush and can he buy time and he does get more time to throw than a lot of other quarterbacks, but he's still learning the position and that's what people have to understand.
OK?
I love you, too.
But, just take it down a notch, will you, buddy?
Yes, Lord, whatever you command.
I mean, if you're a young person watching football right now, Tebow magic isn't going to do you any harm, is it?
It's really not.
How's he going to do?
Well, they need one more win to get into the playoffs, and I know Tim wants to deliver that.
How far is he going to go, do you think, and how will he deal with it?
I think he'll deal with it great.
I mean, that's what's making him the sort of people's hero, isn't it?
It is, but I think that really has to do with his faith, too.
Am I know doing the Tebow?
You are.
And what does this bring me?
Well, I --
What's the matter now?
Would you wait.
Do you get as much of a thrill out of the very, by comparison, very boring process of making a movie?
Well, first of all, thank you very much.
Are you prepared to reveal number of press-ups and number of stomach crunches you can achieve?
Even if I tell you what I -- we get in the ring and I do boxing with him --
Do you, really?
And that's where I think you and I differ.
Everything you know about me, Kenneth, would you imagine I'm a fair fighter?
I'd be pretty careful where the gloves go.
Who has been, pound for pound, the greatest actor that you've ever seen in action?
Well, I have to say, I'm sorry it's a bit of a boring answer given what we're kind of talking about, but Olivier, I think, really does take some beating.
I mean, do you have the old Peter's friends, gang all get together?
Well, I haven't done much of that.
Who's the one you'd choose for your last, ever role?
Oh, wow, you put me on the spot there, because I'm going to say, and please don't hate me for this being an obvious answer, but I just watched Michelle Williams, "Close to," (ph), across the last picture we made from the most unlikely of the, this sort of fragile and petite, seeming, beautiful young woman, seemed to expand in the makeup chair as she filled out the curves of Marilyn, she found the voice, she occupied the face, the hair, the walk, which wasn't so much of a walk as a float, a shimmy through the movie.
But to be serious, and I hope the answer is yes because it gives me some succor in this relationship we now have, is being so cool itself a terrible burden?
I truly don't think about it.
How could she not be given the product of her parents, two of the coolest people?
OK, OK, I'll buy that one.
Coolness runs in the genes, doesn't it?
A little bit.
How do you effortlessly, without any effort, get to be cool?
What would make you cool is the fact that you don't try.
I'm trying too hard?
That's what's -- that's what's wonderful about people.
Your mom, from what I've gleaned, a softer character?
Yes.
I mean how old were you when that happened?
I was 21.
What effect did it have on you?
It had a very deep effect on me.
Really?
With me in her arms, like ringing the bell.
With you in her arms?
Which always reminds me that scene from "Goodfellas."
To you?
Yes.
An emotional barrier?
Yes.
So when you had this time with him, when he knew he was dying, do you think because he realized he wasn't going to be around, this was the last chance to have that conversation with you?
I think he -- I think he honestly had a spiritual awakening because he -- you know, and I don't want to paint him as this, you know, horrible man.
What did he say to you when he finally opened up?
He made mistakes.
Was your mother still alive?
And you know -- no, she wasn't.
-- amazing time with your father?
No.
How would she felt about that, do you think?
Wonderful.
What are the chances of that, right?
And she was in real life.
Did they try and protest about it?
Most definitely.
Did you get picked on at all once the TV show took off?
Yes, but harmless.
What do you think?
Well, it's funny because I -- you know, I've been in Europe touring a lot touring lately.
Do you know Obama?
I don't know him.
You know?
Yes.
So that was right?
Exactly.
It wasn't Michelle, was it?
No, no, no.
And what is that, Piers?
I don't know.
How do I feel?
ORGAN: Don't try and be too modest.
What did your mother tell you about women and how to treat them?
Well, to treat them with respect and so forth.
Have you got anyone?
I would -- I would like it to change.
What is it you love about women?
I just love women.
Am I easy to be with?
Because you seem so effortlessly charming.
I mean do you -- does that concern you?
Completely.
Twenty-one?
Twenty-one.
What did it do, do you think?
It put something in me.
Was there a moment for you when you did something and you thought, my father was right?
Oh, yes.
Famous sex symbols?
People are people.
Really?
No.
But do you dream, you know, wistfully of getting married, having more children, that kind of conventional thing?
I do.
But what went wrong there?
: Young.
Too young?
Young.
Are you happy or are you concerned?
I'm not concerned at all.
It's not easy, is it?
No, it's not easy.
Are you a good dad, do you think?
As my mother said, self-praise is no recommendation.
I'll pin Zoe down and said how goofy does your dad get?
You'll have to ask her.
Your family came to Hollywood when you were how old?
Eleven.
What was it like for you?
I remember the first day it was quite strange.
Who are the most naturally gifted artists you've encountered in your lifetime?
So many.
What is it?
You can't really name it.
Can you describe it?
It's just that thing, something special.
What was the moment for you?
I don't know if I've ever come to that point.
You don't think you're a star?
I'm -- somehow I'm always still that kid who was trying to get the record deal.
Is that insecurity or is it hard work?
I think I put myself up -- I put myself up against the greatest people, these people that I mentioned, these people that influenced me that are amazing.
What was he like?
He was very much like he is now.
Who has more tattoos?
I don't know.
You have a whopping Jesus Christ on your back, right?
Not actually, the words.
How many have you got?
I don't know.
Have you?
Not all of them.
So who has taken more drugs, you or Slash?
I don't know.
Is it -- is the drugs process that so many musicians go through, is it tangibly better for creative music making?
I suppose at the time I thought it was.
All day long?
All day long.
And what does that do to you over time?
Well, it just basically puts this wall of fuzz around you.
Are you pretty clean these days?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Do you ever go recklessly partying?
Not really.
What have you got in there?
I have some stuff.
Any Litore (ph)?
Of course.
'61?
Of course.
Wow, really?
Of course.
A very powerful movie that, wasn't it?
That was a beautiful experience.
But what's the career moment where if you had the chance, you'd relive it?
The career moment.
What was the biggest pinch?
Being -- probably producing Michael Jackson.
What made it so extraordinary?
Well, the fact that, you know, I wouldn't be here today if I hadn't seen the Jackson Five when I was six years old.
Do you think of our lifetime, Michael Jackson was the best?
RAVITZ: Of course.
The greatest naturally gifted, as you said earlier?
Yes.
Entertainer of them all?
Yes, completely.
But what do you think?
Well, it's been a chaotic year.
What did you think of that choice?
ROKAW: I thought it was a good call, frankly.
I mean, is there -- is there a common thread there or are they very different, distinct protests?
Well, I think it's a very different -- first of all, Occupy Wall Street is not calling for the overthrow of their government.
What kind of future young Americans going to be facing?
Well, first of all, I was a member of the luckiest generation as my contemporaries -- and we've all agreed that we were the ones who really caught the best wave, because after the war, our parents who had gone through all the trials of the Depression and World War II, then came home to unprecedented working class and middle class prosperity.
What do you make of the way the Republican race is going, the debates in particular?
ROKAW: Well, I frankly I'm a big advocate of as many debates as we can have along primary seasons because you find out about candidates during that time.
And is it unfeasible that someone like him could actually come from a very low base and still win the nomination?
Well, I think he has some hopes that he can do that.
If he can do well in Iowa and then at least be in the hunt in New Hampshire, then goes out to South Carolina, and then go to Florida, who knows?
I mean, what you could have -- judging by the polls at the moment -- you could have Ron Paul winning in Iowa.
What did you have against that?
I didn't have any -- listen, I didn't have anything against -- I have known Donald Trump for a long time.
Has he been on balance more of a success than a failure?
Well, first of all, I think it's very -- very hard to judge the greatness of a president midterm and that's kind of where we are.
Who do you think has been the most impressive of all of them?
You know, you're not going to trap me into that.
When you saw President Obama really trying to make it that it had been a victory and it had all been worth it, did you agree with him?
Well, what I think is -- and I think it's a complex question, by the way.
What do you think about the changing manner in which American military is now deploying itself?
That was an easier call for the involvement of the American military as part of NATO force.
Wouldn't it be better to say we're going to tackle terrorism head on, and actually treat Afghanistan, rather than a war, as an anti-terrorism operation?
Well, it's -- war should not be reduced to a semantic exercise of some kind.
Any regrets over the green jacket, Tom, looking back on that?
I had to trade jackets later with one of my colleague, Mike Besher (ph), because I got to thinking, this is probably going to be on videotape for a long time, and I ought to get dressed up a little more.
When you look at all the incredible things that you've witnessed, Tom, over the last few decades, which to you is the standout moment, the one that if you had the chance to relive it and to be there again, you would take?
Well, unfortunately, I don't want to relive some of them, because the single hardest week I had, and the single hardest day by far, was 9/11.
Are you still a complete news junkie?
Of course.
How do you actually pronounce your name?
Charlize Theron.
What is the correct South African, dare I say it, African way of pronouncing this?
Charlize Theron.
And you quite consciously went and taught yourself how to speak in an American accent, right?
Yes.
Do you speak African certainly?
Every day.
Can you speak African to her?
Yes.
So you speak it completely fluently?
Oh, I think more fluently than I speak English.
Woody?
Yes.
Guilty as charged?
None of this -- there's no truth to it whatsoever.
But he calls you Chuck?
Yes.
Heading that way?
Because I want to actually work until I'm 108, and I don't think you can't have longevity if you just kind of fall back on one aspect of what you are.
There's never the safe one, is there?
Well, I don't think human beings are -- I think we're pretty complicated.
Oh, dear God, what is this an hour show?
Yes, we got plenty of time, seriously.
Do you really love the aging process?
So far, I said.
Is that because it's obviously treating you quite well?
Look, I'm only 35.
So you get to these random houses, and what do you do?
I -- the first thing I do is I inspect every closet and drawer.
There are guys going to say who is this weirdo?
Exactly.
It's fascinating watching you because I know you don't like watching yourself, do you?
I've gotten a lot better.
Do you know how much money you've taken at the box office in movies you've been in?
God, no.
That's not bad, is it?
That sounds good.
You don't care how much they make, these films?
I care.
Which one would you prefer at this stage of your career?
I guess I would take the one that makes the billion dollars, but the critics don't care for it because then I can go make seven of the ones that I love.
Hey, Todd, do we even have factory work?
I'm sorry.
I mean, when you look back on it now, obviously brilliant for you in your career, but to actually play that role, what was the experience like?
That was the greatest gift I think I've ever been given in my career.
Really?
Yes, look, it's absolutely amazing to win an Academy Award.
Did you watch the Oscars as a young girl?
I did, yes.
Have you met him?
Yes, yes.
When did you meet him?
The first time I met him, I had just won the Academy Award.
And what did he say to you?
The nicest things that any icon or hero could possibly say to you.
Like what?
Just, you know, giving me credit for being a South African and kind of putting South Africa on the map, which I didn't, but I'll take that any day from Nelson Mandela.
Any other?
Yes.
Women?
Yes.
Who else?
I don't know if they were women but I know another category South Africans have won.
How much of it is down to what happened, if anything?
Look, I don't know.
Does it haunt you?
No, it doesn't haunt me.
But, there must be things that you got from your father?
He was a -- he was a fun guy.
And what can be done to tackle it properly do you think?
HERON: I think it's a lack of education.
How can you get them?
You can go to our web site, CharlizeAfricaOutreach.org.
And directly help?
And -- yes, directly -- look, here's the thing.
Is that the problem?
It's been -- it's knowledge.
Really?
I'll explain why.
What issues in America wind you up?
There are a few.
Do you still feel with Obama that he is capable of being as great as everybody hoped?
Yes, I think he's incredibly capable of it.
Do you think you'll never get married?
I -- I don't.
What do you want?
You know this was never about the gold.
How many times have you been properly in love?
That is so -- no -- a few.
How many fingers?
No, a few.
Why was that, do you think?
You know, I really love my job and I love my fans, but when it comes to my relationships, it's something that I keep very sacred to me, it's very private.
Am I allowed to pry?
No, and after --
If you ate that taco?
-- if they had images of you spoon-feeding this --
Do you?
Yes, I mean, it was just such an innocent introduction.
Any -- any truth to that?
This is the problem when you're single and your friends kind of come out to help you and, you know, take you out for a nice meal and --
Not a sliver of truth?
No, I've known Keanu for over 15 years.
Aren't you married?
I'm not trying to pull you.
Has it a little bit of sex drugs and rock and roll?
My life is -- is a bit crazy.
I don't care what it takes?
I didn't at all that I was going to be a star.
I mean, how do you create that kind of aura when by nature you're not really like that?
I don't know.
What are the values do you think that she's instilled in you?
Well, definitely that, you know, beauty fades and who you are from within is forever.
When does she -- since you became famous, successful, when has she been the most angry with you?
I remember when we first had our single on the radio and I was starting to feel like I was hot.
Really?
Yes.
you've never sung again like that in a store with your mom?
EYONCE: No, absolutely.
What is the moment for your mom?
I can say probably when I sang "the last" for the president.
Doesn't it sound amazing when you say things like that now?
Yes.
How old were you when that happened?
I was 21.
What effect did that have on you?
It had a very deep effect on me.
So, when you had this time with him and he knew he was dying, do you think because he realized he wasn't going to be around this was the last chance to have that conversation with him?
I think he honestly had a spiritual awakening because he, you know -- and I don't want to paint him as this, you know, horrible man.
What did he say to you when he finally opened up?
I have two sisters from my father's first marriage, and he apologized to all of us, told us how much he loved us, which was a very emotional moment.
But do you dream, you know wishfully, of getting married, having more children --?
I do.
That more conventional thing that your mother certainly dreamed of?
I do.
But, what went wrong then?
Young.
Too young?
Young, a lot going on.
If I was interviewing Zoe about you, how do you think she would describe you?
I think she would say that I'm extremely funny and goofy and the opposite of everything you said today about being cool and all that.
Really?
Yes.
How are you spending the Christmas holidays?
I am going to go to the Bahamas.
Do you do all that kind of thing?
No.
Do you sing Christmas carols?
No, I know the tunes, but no.
Goofy?
Yes.
If it's your sister, can you completely trust each other?
Yes.
What's the thing that takes you to that level?
I don't know if I speak on behalf of Marie, but when we put the show together, you can throw as much money you want at a show.
Who of all the greats that have played in Vegas would you like to seen in the face of others?
We did.
You saw them all?
We worked with them.
Did you perform with Sinatra?
Yes.
Sammy Davis?
Yes.
Dean Martin?
Yes.
ORGAN: Elvis?
Yes.
What else made those guys?
They worked.
Do you remember what Groucho Marx did now?
Yes.
Seriously?
He was the (inaudible).
So, this was completely inappropriate?
-- which would have been illegal nowadays.
What was John Wayne like?
John Wayne was a very stoic man.
How do you find America?
OWNEY: I love America.
Have we lost our way a bit, you think, globally?
I think that we have lost our way a little bit.
Who do you think is the boss?
I know who the boss is.
Listen, you know, behind every great man, there's a greater woman, right?
Tell me about the project.
How are you spending Christmas?
Well, we're spending Christmas with our kids.
Christmas turkey and all the trimmings?
Christmas turkey, yes.
Brussels sprouts?
I love Brussels sprouts.
Did you enjoy the status of television icon?
Sure.
It's better than the alternative, right?
It certainly is, yes.
Why you?
Well, I think it's sort of like -- I'm not comparing myself to Dick Van Dyke, but I think there's a characteristic that can help you survive in television which is a kind of an affability, and a vulnerability.
Oh, well, you know?
You're that guy.
How does it go down with all your famous friends?
Well, some of my --
Is it lonely out there?
It's pretty lonely, but you know they seem to tolerate me somehow, because I can at least state myself eloquently and without actually kind of assuming what they -- the veneer of what they assume is what a Republican is, as some kind of nasty, strange villain that, you know, should be vilified and hated.
ORGAN: Are you -- are you sympathetic to the Tea Party element of the Republicans or is that a step too far?
I'm sympathetic to some of the principles, but I'm not sure that the Tea Party has behavioral problem other than the ones that have been identified by people who are inimical to them.
Nothing they say be objectionable to you at all?
I don't know.
Against gay marriage?
Against it, yes.
I mean there are issues there, but you wouldn't agree with?
Absolutely yes.
You played a famous gay character?
Yes, I've played several.
And did you buy into all the hope, the audacity, the stuff that he apparently came with?
Well, OK, I think Barack Obama's election is a milestone for this country and a wonderful thing.
Isn't it incumbent on politicians, clearly president, to inspire their people?
Inspire, certainly.
What is the simple answer?
Well, I would say greed.
Who do you like?
Right now I'm not gravitating toward a lot of people right now.
Who do you think is more electable?
If I were advising them, I would just tell them that they must inspire people to assume that they have a right to make their own decisions about what dreams they wish to dream.
What was my dream?
Yes.
Really?
Yes.
Nothing more glamorous than that?
No, just wanted to be a working actor.
Have you fulfilled that?
Yes, I got a few more extras than I counted on.
In terms of your acting aspirations, have you -- have you ticked all the boxes you wanted to tick?
Not quite.
What's left?
RAMMER: There's certainly a lot left.
What's left on the acting block that you'd like to do?
Well, I started out wanting to be a dramatic actor, ended up being a comedic actor, and now I've gone back to being a dramatic actor now.
If you -- if you have one role left to play, what would it be?
One role left to play.
What's the role?
Because they say your character in "Boss" is very King Lear-esque.
Really?
Iago is an interesting character because it's -- you know, it's the character that has the most words of any character in all the Shakespeare and it's almost every sentence is not iambic pentameter, it's iambic pentameter and a half.
Is it just more fun being evil?
Sure.
It is, isn't it?
Yes -- no, it's a ball.
What do you want from me?
You'll know when it comes up.
So, you did do the hard yards of theatrical trainings, didn't you, to be a serious actor?
Yes.
Who were the actors you looked up to?
Gosh, Lawrence Olivier and Gregory Peck.
Did you ever imagine at that stage, at Juilliard, you're looking around, all these talented people presumably -- did you ever imagine in your wildest dreams or maybe nightmares the level of fame that you would one day get through acting?
No.
Don't all actors doubt themselves?
And didn't always work really hard.
Well, that's -- that's sort of the flip side of narcissism, isn't it?
It is.
In the back of your mind all you're thinking of is this could tank, and then what?
Yes.
Do we go to a hole in the ice with this little corks filthy and then just start fishing?
It's called an auger.
Are you any good at doing that yourself?
I'm probably OK at it.
What have you worked out about Kelsey Grammer?
Kelsey Grammer is a guy who cares about people that has been trying to save the world because he couldn't save some things in his own life.
You trained with him at the Juilliard, didn't you?
RAMMER: Yes, we were together in school.
But it's probably -- it's part of that because you managed to deal with so many of the demons?
Yes.
I mean for a while, it must be fun, isn't it, despite everything else?
Absolutely.
What was the -- what was the wake-up moment for you?
Well, there were -- there were several along the way.
How did you manage to stop in the end?
Well, actually, I did go to Betty Ford and that helped.
Do you drink alcohol?
I have a drink sometimes, yes.
You can drink in moderation?
Yes, yes.
How did it feel to you?
It's interesting.
Did she fire a gun at you?
That was another night.
ORGAN: You married her after she shot at you?
Yes, no, this is the -- this is what --
Wasn't that a warning sign, get off it?
I tell you, it was absurdly across -- a shot across the bow.
A woman shoots at me, I'm thinking twice about the marriage, you know?
So that fell apart pretty quickly.
This must have been like hell, wasn't it?
Well, I have to -- I mean, I have to tell you, my -- "The Real Housewives" was my parting gift to her.
Were you just charging around looking for true love and constantly believing you quickly found it?
No, I think -- I think what I was trying to do was sell it to myself.
But -- I mean, how are things?
Well, they're not good.
Do you have any kind of dialogue with her?
We have no contact, no.
How is your relationship with them?
Oh, it's great.
You get plenty of access?
RAMMER: Well, they're trying to -- they're doing their best to actually kind of make that difficult for me right now.
Do you think she married you because you were Kelsey Grammer, TV icon?
No, I think she married me because I was Frasier.
Really?
I think it was Frasier.
What's been worst thing, the most hurtful thing she said about you?
Well, you know, I haven't been keeping track of everything, so there might be something that would surprise me.
What's the most unfair labeling?
She once said that I didn't want my daughter.
Yes, well, it would, wouldn't it?
Yes.
To England from New York?
From Los Angeles.
From Los Angeles?
Yes.
Well, you know what?
Because Kayte is a very beautiful young lady, as we can see here.
Did she know who you were?
Oh, I think she knew who I was, but she didn't know who I am.
What is it about her you think that enabled her to deal with all this?
She believes in love.
Are you really enjoying it?
It's been -- it was a presumptive joy to go to work every day.
Do you like him or not?
I love him.
Isn't that you, in the end?
Absolutely.
Do you feel for the first you've gone back to the joy of life you had as a young boy?
Yes.
ORGAN: Really?
Yes.
Everything to do with one of my very attractive booking team, right?
Yes, yes.
What is the secret of the Morgan Freeman age-defying process?
Got to be genes because I don't really do anything else.
You don't?
No.
ORGAN: Are you vain?
Yes.
Don't you?
Well, I try to.
You played a lady's love interest finally?
Yes.
What made you crumble?
Well, it just -- it came my way.
Did you like playing a romantic lead finally?
Yes.
So have you finally performed your first love scene?
Kind of.
Were you excited by it?
I was -- I was stunned.
So it was a non-scripted assault on your lips?
It was a non-scripted assault.
Where did it go?
Well, we don't know.
Where are we going?
No.
You never actually got to do it?
No.
Is it a matter of bitter personal regret now?
I wouldn't say that.
Have you not?
No.
You've never had an affair with one of your actresses?
No.
How have you resisted the trap, the pleasure perhaps that many of your colleagues have fallen into?
One of the things I think is I just never need to live the part.
Why?
Well, at the end of the day, you're going to break up --
Would you accept that?
Yes.
A small-time skirt chaser?
There is a secret that I'll tell you after the show.
Go on, what's the secret?
Don't chase women.
Really?
They'll chase you.
Is that your strategy?
Yes.
Does it work?
It works very well.
How do you make yourself known as potentially available?
Just don't do it.
And does it ever fail?
They're curious.
So basically, a lifetime of non-drooling has been a successful strategy?
Yes.
Any other tips?
You need to have a large amount of respect for ladies.
How are you dealing with being a single man again after a long time married?
REEMAN: This has happened before.
Is that how this works?
If you say stallion, that adds a connotation that may not go over that well on family television.
Oh, you come on late at night, don't you?
Yes.
ANDY, ACTRESS: What are you doing there?
Oh, I -- I just love a house of pictures, Miss Daisy.
Why was that?
Well, growing up, the segregation in Mississippi just sort of had us all a little upset with the situation.
What did it motivate you to try and achieve in your life?
Your teachers tell you, get an education and go somewhere, be something.
In the sense that you're a young black man growing up in Mississippi at the time, your chances of getting on in life are pretty close to zero?
If you stayed there.
Has Obama helped the process of eradicating racism or has it, in a strange way, made it worse?
Made it worse.
Does it unnerve you that the Tea Party is gaining such traction?
Yes.
Why?
Well, it just shows the weak, dark underside of America.
Are you disappointed that Obama hasn't been more aggressive in taking them on?
REEMAN: Kind of.
You think so?
Oh, surely.
Do you think he has it in him?
Of course, he does.
You were protecting him?
Yes.
He gets you a title fight or did he just bust you out banging your head against other people's fists until you lost your eye?
I had my shot.
What was the movie before that where you felt most like this is the one, I'm going to get an Oscar for this, and didn't?
"Driving Miss Daisy."
You know?
Did you get to a point when you've made all these movies and you still haven't won one, you start to think, I'm never going to win an Oscar.
How many?
Five.
You want the truth or you want me to make something up?
The truth.
Really?
Yes.
What're you talking about?
Hope.
Can you tell?
Oh, yes.
Did you relate to him?
Actually, no, you know.
Why was that?
Well, you have different reasons for that.
And you did?
Yes.
Why?
REEMAN: Well, I like directors that listen to me.
"Shawshank Redemption"?
I wouldn't have changed a thing in it.
So did you finally get your way?
Yes.
But you had to have a battle?
I had to have a battle at one point, just to say, no.
What will directors think of what you're saying?
Well, they -- they -- they -- all the good ones understand it.
I asked before the break, which is the movie you would make again, not to change, but just to relive the experience for whatever reason if you had a month to live, what would it be?
REEMAN: Anything I did with Clint Eastwood.
Really?
Yes.
Why?
He's just great to work with.
Maybe bring your friend Clint?
Well, that would be interesting.
Why?
REEMAN: Well, it's just that watching this young man, this actor, make this transition from I want 10 million dollars for the rest of my life like -- let me you ask you this.
Is that -- was that painful to you?
Yes.
It's a state of mind, really, is it?
Yes.
Did you feel like you'd been unfairly treated?
Slightly, yes.
You're what?
I'm cool.
But have you been able to have an ongoing relationship, a friendship?
No.
Not at all?
No, I don't want it.
You don't want it?
No.
I don't know, I suppose 27 years together?
Yes, but, you know, this -- I don't -- there were no kids involved that we have to worry about in that situation.
So you never speak to each other at all?
Well, not really.
No, why would it be strange?
I don't know.
If you don't have that glue, I guess there's no real need to, is there?
No, no, no.
Do you think you'll get married again?
No.
How do you have the temerity if you don't believe in yourself?
Let's hold the thought that you're God...
Who are you?
I'm the one, the creator of the heavens and the earth, Alpha and Omega.
Do you like playing God?
Yes, it was fun.
But what I mean is that if God exists it only has to -- it can only exist in you, not outside you, right?
Absolutely.
Where do you physically continue, you think?
If you -- when you die, you feed something that lives.
And if so, what would they be?
You know, I don't think you know that until you get there.
What would be the biggest regret of your life?
I don't know.
What's the one thing you would change if you could go back in time?
I'm not going to tell you that.
How bad is it?
Really bad.
I mean, in moments like that, do you go through the cliche is there life flash before you kind of thing?
No, I didn't even know what was going on.
So it's pretty well a dead hand, is it?
Pretty much a dead -- a dead hand, yes.
Does that impact on your acting at all?
Only if I have to do something and pretend that it's not dead.
Were you left or right handed?
Left.
So how has that affected your life?
Well, conventional wisdom says that left-handed people are much more adaptable if they have to learn to use their right hand than right-handed people, because you live in a right-handed world.
Can you still do that?
Yes, I play golf with one hand.
With one hand?
Yes.
Really?
Yes.
Can you really?
Absolutely.
Not what?
In my right mind.
And do you believe from your seafaring that they are more intelligent?
Oh, absolutely.
How was that?
That was great fun.
Are you tempted, though, because, I mean, you've got a good voice?
I'm not even tempted.
Are you going to do this?
If -- if he gets it together, I'm going.
Have you chosen the song yet?
No, because we haven't decided actually that we're going to do it.
Well, what's your favorite Sinatra song?
I don't have a favorite Sinatra song.
When you look at this extraordinary life that you've led, when do you think your primetime was?
I think it started at about 62 when I became single for the third time.
What did you mean by that?
Well, to really bring all of yourself, including the not always very attractive and perhaps not loveable parts of yourself to the table in a relationship, to -- it makes you very, very vulnerable.
Or was it both?
Well, it was definitely me.
What have you -- what have you learned about yourself?
That I'm resilient, that I'm brave, that I'm honest.
What do you make of what's going on with politics in America at the moment?
I am -- I'm scared, I'm scared.
When you look at it, what do you think went wrong?
I can't answer the question.
Are you blaming me there, Jane?
I don't know you well enough.
I mean, how far do you think the media -- the media has been complicit?
I think it's been quite complicit.
Who impresses you and who scares you?
They all scare me, frankly.
Even -- I mean even someone like a Newt Gingrich or a Mitt Romney, do they scare you?
I'm worried about anybody getting elected to office who says we have to do away with or privatize Social Security, we have to reduce medical -- health insurance, we have to not raise taxes.
What do you think of Barack Obama?
I hope he gets re-elected.
What do your suspicions tell you?
I don't know.
What do you think, Jane, when you look at yourself in "Barbarella"?
I think it's a charming camp movie, not very sexy.
I mean, why did you feel -- not uncomfortable, but why are you -- why wouldn't you be that keen to be a sex symbol?
I'm 74 years old.
-- of all the -- who was the sexiest of all the stars you've ever seen?
Ava Gardner as a woman.
If you were to tell me what really has excited your passions in life, on a chart list of top three, where would acting fall?
There have been moments in some films when it feels transcendent, when it is the most wonderful feeling when you have entered someone else's reality and you know you're there.
Which is the movie that if you could be remembered for one you would choose?
ONDA: Well, I think the one I'll be remembered for is "Coming Home" because it was such a beautiful movie and such a universal -- so many girls have fathers that had a hard time loving them and people really identified with that movie and I think it really -- you know, a lot of people said to me, men and women, but mostly women, I saw the movie and then I went and I brought my father to see it and it changed our relationship.
Which is yours?
I have a favorite, which is -- well, it's "On Golden Pond."
What kind of relationship is that?
Well, you know, like a -- like a father and a daughter.
When you look back on that, Jane, what was the experience like for you working so closely with your father?
I feel so blessed, Piers, to have been able to have that experience.
What would you think the honest portrayal of your father would be as a father?
Well, let's start with the man.
If you were analyzing yourself, what -- how would you describe your character?
I don't see myself particularly as feisty.
But what do you think your father would have made of the way that you have turned out?
Well, he pretty much knew the way I had turned out.
How are you going to get me back into shape with this DVD then?
Well, first of all, you've got to do it.
Have you learned to -- to love yourself?
I grew up thinking that if you weren't perfect that no one would love you.
How many times do you think you've properly been in love in your life?
Oh, maybe five times.
Well, if I -- but if I forced you to take one of the men you've loved in your life, who would it be?
You -- you couldn't.
Really?
No.
What do you think the biggest misconception about Marilyn was?
ONDA: I was very, very drawn to her.
Is -- was that always going to be the way that someone as genius like but tormented as him was going to go?
Just because one is absolutely brilliant doesn't mean you have to be screwed up.
When you look back at it all, with the exception of marriage and the birth of children, what would you say has been the greatest moment of your life?
I know.
Are you looking forward to humiliating Anderson on New Years Eve?
I really live for that night.
You could get him off air?
I know I can.
Mr. Speaker, how are you?
I'm doing great.
How you are?
I'm good.
How are you faring with the battle so far?
Well, I think pretty well.
Do you see it like that this time?
Well, they said that to John McCain and he went on to win the nomination.
With hindsight, wouldn't it have been better for you not to be negative but to be more aggressive?
Look, don't be so sure it hasn't worked.
And isn't it time now for you to accept that this negativity has pounded you into a position where, much as you would like to keep it positive, isn't it time you got the old Gingrich fist out and gave Romney a good old smack?
You know, Harry Truman, in his great re-election campaign, when he was so far behind that Gallup quit-taking polls in mid-September, went after Dewey and the crowd would yell out give them hell, Harry.
-- buddies and friends of politicians doing this?
Look, we'd be so much healthier to eliminate all of the complicated election bureaucracy.
Tell me about these two things, and one, how important the choice of running mate is, and any further thoughts you have about endorsements are right now from key figures in the party?
Well, let me start with Governor Palin, who I think has been greatly underestimated in the national news media, whose record as governor, as a reformer, was very formidable.
I mean is it important to candidates such as yourself to get the endorsement of people like Herman Cain?
Well, it's very helpful to get endorsements.
What is your message directly to Mitt Romney on the eve of this crucial vote tomorrow?
You know, reminds me of Abraham Lincoln who once said he was reminded of the man who has offered a chance to be tarred and feathered and carried out down the rail, and said, he would decline the honor even though he appreciated the way it was offered.
Herman Cain, how are you?
I am great, Piers.
What is this big announcement, Herman?
The big announcement is going to be a national movement.
But given everything that happened to you and to your family and the toll that it clearly took, would you, knowing all that, have entered the race?
First of all, Piers, I know the truth.
Is she happy about that?
Absolutely.
Where is your endorsement?
My endorsement is going to come later.
Who should be in the injector seat?
Well, you know, that would be against the law to push somebody out of an airplane.
Who should go through to the next round and who should be kicked out?
Piers, it's not going to work.
Let me ask you this question: if Mitt Romney wins in Iowa and wins in New Hampshire, is that game over?
No.
But which has the best chance right now, do you think, of beating him?
I happen to believe that every one of the candidates in the race right now could beat Barack Obama.
Herman, would you serve under whoever the Republican nominee turns out to be in a future cabinet?
It depends upon who the person is.
Which job would you most like?
The job I would most like would be secretary of defense, because I happen to believe that national security is one of our biggest threats.
But you will guarantee one thing, the gold ties will continue, whatever job you get?
Yes.
Tell me this: why don't you personally endorse any of the candidates?
Well, I want to be a good host.
What do you make of those two events?
Well, first and foremost, Rick Santorum followed my advice and just what I've done every that I've been -- I've been elected governor five times.
What do you make of that politically?
RANSTAD: Well, I think he made the decision early on, because four years ago he spent a lot of time and a lot of effort and resources here, and came in second.
What did you make of that?
Well, first of all, we're proud of the fact that we have record-high corn prices and the Iowa economy is stronger than the rest of the country because of agriculture.
So I thought that you're in the perfect position, really, to assess where the GOP party is right now, who you think will emerge victorious, and what you think of the debate generally?
I don't know the answer to the second question.
Or is it just reaffirming to the public that the kind of Washington in-fighting, squabbling, so on is alive and kicking in the GOP?
I think it is a sad reality of our time.
Are you a betting man?
Yeah, I am, from time to time.
Right now, would you be putting any money at all on anybody outside of Mitt Romney, Newt Gingrich, possibly Rick Santorum, getting the nomination?
Well, I think these appear to be the front-runners tomorrow.
Do you think anybody who comes out of the top three in Iowa tomorrow should pull out of the race?
No, I don't necessarily think so.
Can a frontrunner Mitt Romney now break out?
It sure is nice to have a win.
What do you put that down to?
I don't know.
Do you believe the real battleground will move on to South Carolina and to Florida?
You know, I think the odds-makers would probably bet that.
Are you surprised that, say, Rick Perry is staying in the race, given how he's underperformed?
Well, I haven't concentrated on what he should do or being surprised or not.
But as more scrutiny comes on him now, do you think he'll be able to withstand the inevitable media attention that he will now get for what many would say are policies which in some cases go to the more extreme right?
Well, you know, my criticism isn't that he's an extreme conservative.
How did you react when he called you disgusting?
I'm sorry, I missed that.
Is it time that this election gets real and inevitably gets ugly?
Yes, and it's probably the part of politics I never liked.
How do you change perception to make people believe you could seriously be president?
Well, you know, I get a charge out of this when they say that these views are extreme and that -- I wouldn't be elected.
Do you want to apologize for telling me that you found his one Iowa voter?
Well, you know, that was done, you know, through staff.
That, I would imagine, gives you more hope, doesn't it?
Oh, listen, it was -- Piers, it was a wonderfully ambiguous outcome, when you had 75 percent of those casting a vote that decided not to listen to the person the establishment is teeing up on a silver platter, Mitt Romney.
What is the yardstick that we should be using to judge Huntsman's success in New Hampshire?
Well, listen, we've gone from dead last place to what the most recent polls, including one of yours, had put us in the teens today at third place.
How are you going to brand yourself in a simple-to-understand way that differentiates you from Mitt Romney and surging Rick Santorum as he's now known?
There's only way to brand yourself, and that is based upon your record, what you have done, where you've been and what you offer the American people.
But do you think that alignment with a Democratic president has harmed you?
Listen, I worked for President Reagan.
Will you fight fire with fire?
Absolutely.
When we look at what's coming up primary-wise, what are the key places, do you think, the key battle grounds?
Certainly South Carolina is going to be potentially decisive for them in their field.
So he goes on having won the first two battles, doesn't he?
Well, first off, what I heard from Congresswoman Wasserman Schultz is that they're worried about Romney.
What do you think?
Well, I think we have a real problem in this country relative to campaign finance, which was created by people who tried to reform campaign financing in the word -- for the purposes of doing good.
What do you make of the fact that it was so close and that Santorum came from nowhere to get as far as he did?
Well, I think Bob Vander Plaats really helped.
And does Santorum represent now, do you think, the core traditional values of the Republicans, perhaps better than any other candidate?
Well, he really is a very conservative guy.
What does that tell you, Donald, about Mitt Romney's standing with his own party?
Well, I think he did a very good job, though, Piers, no matter how you cut it.
Can any other candidate really compete in a modern political battle against someone like Romney, given the resources he has?
Well, I guess the answer is yes, because I've watched him go up and down like yo-yos, everybody.
So what happened?
First of all, I do like her.
And do you think he will now change strategy because he has no choice?
Well I think he is now.
Am I misreading the lines here?
Yes, I think you are.
How does that make you feel?
Very good.
When you look back on this career you've had?
I mean I've had people come up to me in airports.
Do you miss the daily connection?
I don't miss the daily of it.
Really, so you didn't repeat very often?
Not at all.
What do you think of the way that television has evolved since your daily show stopped?
ONAHUE: Well, you know, it's hard for me to -- I don't want to criticize them, because I took a lot of heat.
It would be strange if you did approve of it all in a sense, wouldn't it?
Yes, and we were always -- I mean we were always different.
And what was the reaction to that?
Oh, well, everybody thought that their kids would catch it if they watched it.
If I could let you do one again tomorrow, what would it be?
We had a very good program with Mohamed Ali.
Really?
Yes.
You know, he was one of the great boxers in history, but he also had this phenomenal brain and humor and self-marketing style which you just -- you don't get that package, do you, very often?
Marlo did a book titled "The Right Words at the Right Time."
You know?
Completely.
What do you make of the Rick Santorum surge?
One of many.
Isn't that amazing?
And I'm like, here's a guy who basically repeatedly says I support the constitution.
A president says when I get into power, I'm going to make it more available for poor people to have better health care than they're getting already and this is an abject miserable failure that he should be lambasted for?
He's calling for a nanny government.
When you look back, what do you think?
Well, it is certainly true that -- first of all, I was a single parent.
What do you think of Oprah?
I think Oprah has risen to a level in the stratosphere unknown to all of us.
Why, do you think?
Well, I think she's -- she's a compelling personality.
What do you think?
Look at my own early history.
That's a pretty good endorsement, isn't it?
Yes.
Try a bit of -- a bit of not dealing with just the friendly fire all the time?
He would be a better guest I guess than I would.
How's it been for you?
I don't think we'll ever get over it.
What are you thinking when this is all unfurling?
I was thinking that it was a nightmare and that I was going to wake up.
I mean, you I know, John, when you first discovered your daughter was dead, was told did they get the person that did this?
Yes.
And did it give you any kind of comfort that they had?
It definitely did.
Was it cathartic in any sense?
It was very difficult.
Is it hard to reconcile your faith when something like this happens?
No, not for me.
What are your -- what are your views of him?
Well, we do feel, you know, he was mentally disturbed.
And if people want to help, what do they do?
Go to ChristinaTaylorGreen.org, and we have a website.
If I could take away the money or the women, which would you rather keep?
Definitely the women, Piers.
Rob, how are you?
I'm really great.
Well, you must be really excited, because last time I interviewed you, I mean, you -- politics is seeping through your veins, isn't it?
Well, look, this is my -- one of my favorite times of year, Iowa caucuses going into New Hampshire.
I mean, one vote, and it seemed to be, once they had clearly decided it, that's the moment to answer all the people who were apathetic about politics that still want change in their lives, it's that moment, isn't it?
Well, it's why I'm against term limits, because it -- we all have the power.
What are you looking for?
They need to personally come to my house, Piers.
Why does it matter?
It was high treason, and it mattered a great deal.
If you were in the White House now, advising President Obama as the Sam Seaborn character, what would you be saying to him?
Well, without getting into the politics of it, I think -- I think this recess appointment is exactly the kind of thing that "The West Wing" White House chief of staff would have advocated, for the president to be bold.
Yes, I mean, is he swinging the bat hard enough?
Well, yes, you know, just for me, I always compare it to leadership.
It's like this is a fit guy, aging before our eyes, because it must be relentless, isn't it?
Well, listen, I think every president should get a lifetime supply of Grecian Formula when they're -- when they're sworn in, because it's -- look at Clinton.
I guess that was slightly tongue-in-cheek, but if you were doing it now, with the senior Republicans, what are the areas that you sense most Americans really care about?
Well, I mean, obviously, they care about the economy, because so many people are trying to figure out where they stand with the changing economy.
Are you -- are you able to -- do you allow yourself to have any kind of view as to his innocence or guilt?
No, because it's that thing of -- if you're playing a -- playing a hero, you can't play a hero.
You must be thrilled, are you, in the way it's gone?
I am.
What was the single most repetitively boring question that you had to answer on your book tour?
My favorite part about the book tour, actually, Piers, is my interview -- on -- and I'm not sucking up -- more people -- and I did every show on the planet -- more people saw our interview than anything I did, more people were complimentary of it.
So, how do you feel about that?
Not so good.
OWE: So let me get this straight, you're running clips of me with a double chin, gray hair, and then a guy who's 100 times hotter than me after I'm on?
Yes.
Why?
For many reasons.
Really?
Yes.
Was that a dream of yours to do that?
Absolutely.
How did she react when you did that?
She said, it's not big enough.
How did that feel, that time in your life?
It was taking a step back.
How did you get told the news?
It was like this.
As brutal as that?
It wasn't as brutal as that.
Did a part of you believe that, that maybe you weren't good enough?
You definitely have those nights where you fell a little insecure, but I didn't want to give up, I wasn't going to -- my goal was, I'm not going to go back home.
How did you move from has been at 18 to back on track?
I think I grew.
What's the worst song you've ever written?
I don't even want to say it.
For the CNN worldwide audience, the worst Bruno Mars song you have ever written, the one that even now makes you come out in a weird sweat?
Me and my partner Phil wrote a song called "Bedroom Bandit."
The next day, we called each other up like, what were we thinking?
You told a good story, that I read about you, when you were talking about Elvis Presley and a bit of footage you'd seen of him performing I think on a TV show, with a big audience of women.
Rob Lowe, you hear that?
In numbers only Rob Lowe could dream about.
Me, Bruno Mars?
Not me.
Let's cut through all that crap, shall we?
What's the question.
Is it actually a bit weird?
It's the greatest feeling on Earth.
You were a good little Elvis, weren't you?
Man, I see those.
Do you remember that part of it?
Yeah.
What was early life for you and the family like in Hawaii?
You know, Hawaii is a special place.
What values did they instill in you?
ARS: Just family is everything for us.
If I could take away the money or the women, which would you rather keep?
Definitely the women, Piers.
What is this, a setup?
It's a good answer.
It's obviously great to have it, but does it mean that much to you?
No.
How?
Because we're going to -- I can explain all of that.
Literally?
Literally.
What do you think brings happiness?
The simple things, little things in life.
Who do you most admire in the business and why, currently?
Currently, I love -- I love Adele.
What's your feeling about it looking back on it now?
I just -- I don't live my life with regrets.
Did it scare you, this episode?
Sure.
Did you think, whoa, OK?
ARS: Yeah, sure.
What do you think is the secret to happiness?
To get my hair better than Rob Lowe's.
You hear that, Lowe?
Got to say, job done.
Is time the real problem when you get as successful as you've become?
Yeah.
Just finding any time for yourself?
And a personal life, time and a personal life.
How many times have you been properly in love?
Never.
Just to clarify, you're on the market?
That's right, Piers.
Are you a taken man?
I am on the market.
You are available?
Yes.
Is that how you describe yourselves?
We wouldn't put it that way.
How long have you guys worked with Bruno?
Got to be like four years now.
From a musical point of view, how good is this guy?
He is one of the best.
What else do you need to be as successful as Bruno?
His voice is incredibly unique as well.
Do I have to be here when you guys are talking?
Ear muff it
How important to have guys of this caliber in the locker, looking after you?
The most important.
Where would you go?
Bruno, it has been a real pleasure.
And just for the hell of it, how I'm doing?
You're pretty focused.
Is that right?
I don't Tweet.
How does that make you feel?
Very good.
So you didn't repeat very often?
Not at all.
What do you think about the way that television has evolved since your daily show stopped?
Well, you know, it's hard for me to -- I don't want to criticize them because I took a lot of heat.
Would you like that to be your epitaph, Phil?
ONAHUE: Well, it wasn't my idea.
That it would be strange if you did approve of it all in a sense, wouldn't it?
Yeah.
What was the reaction to that?
Everybody thought their kids would catch it if they watched it.
If I could I let you do one again tomorrow, what would it be?
We had a very good program with Mohamed Ali.
Really?
Yeah.
Which you just don't get that package, do you, very often?
Marlo did a book titled "The Right Words, At The Right Time".
Each also brought pride and boldness to young black males, you know?
Completely.
What do you have make of the Rick Santorum surge?
And one of many.
Guantanamo, you mean?
Yeah.
And this is an abject, miserable failure that he should be lambasted for?
He's calling for a nanny government.
What have you become?
Nobody runs around saying I'm a liberal, I'm a liberal.
When you look back, what do you think?
It was certainly true.
What did I say?
She didn't do too badly, but.
What do you think of Oprah?
I think Oprah has risen to a level in the stratosphere unknown to all of us.
Why do you think?
Well, I think she's - she's a compelling personality.
Is it the same?
Well -
What do you think?
Look at my own early history.
I mean that's a pretty good endorsement, isn't it?
Yes.
I suppose the one big unanswered question is why can he not break through this kind of what is becoming almost mythical 25 percent barrier of support in his own party?
He's going to break through that barrier I hope and believe in a couple days in New Hampshire.
How has it been for you?
I don't think we'll ever get over it.
Gabrielle Giffords has been shot, presumed dead and other people have been gunned down, what were you thinking when this was all unfurling?
I was thinking it was a nightmare and I was going to wake up.
I mean, you, I know John, you first discovered your daughter was dead, was told, did they get (INAUDIBLE) the person who did this?
Yes.
And did it give you any kind of comfort that they had?
It definitely it.
Was it cathartic in any sense?
It was very difficult.
Is it hard to reconcile your faith when something like this happens?
No, not for me.
Let's talk about the person that did this, Jared Loughner, what are your views of him?
Well, we do feel that he was mentally disturbed.
And if people want to help, what do they do?
They go to christinataylorgreen.org and we have a web site.
Are you feeling a little wobbly?
Well, you know, Obama was 13 points ahead when Hillary Clinton beat him last time, 13 points ahead the night before.
Would you accept that?
Well, sure.
Well, if I was to put you on the spot now and say who are you supporting, have you got a candidate that now got your eye?
Yes.
Do you think whoever wins the nomination can actually beat Barack Obama, given that the economic climate in America right now appears to be increasing and improving quite markedly?
It's what I call the Romney effect.
How are you?
We're great.
Well, we ate a little left baloney growing up, right?
I'm a big fan of baloney.
Has the leopard changed his spots, do you think?
Well, the great news about our father is he is a life- long learner.
Why do you say that?
Everything that's been -- now I'm talking about as a candidate.
That's what people in that game do, isn't it?
No.
Is he neutral Mitt?
No, you rascal, you rascal.
But was it unwise, Jack, in the current climate, with "Occupy Wall Street" spreading around America, was he unwise to use a phrase like, "I like to fire people"?
Look, he was using it in a totally different context.
What do you think he meant?
He was talking about -- about his insurance company that are not taking care of him in his health care problems.
Why isn't he the one they're all getting behind to take on Obama because at the moment they're not?
This is early skirmishes.
What's the reality behind the myth?
I think that one of the -- when I see these ads by Newt Gingrich talking about how people began to lose their jobs when Mitt Romney came to town, it is such a stark contrast from what it was like to actually work at Bain where there was this incredible sort of -- almost bizarre rah-rah, go business, grow business.
Was he ruthless?
Never in my experience ruthless.
Why hasn't he already got this wrapped up?
I think we live in a society where you look at him -- I mean it's sort of a weird buys-in (ph).
Is it weakness or strength in a leader to do that?
I think it's absolute strength.
Is that what you think?
Absolutely.
Is that true?
I don't think so, because they spent it in a different way.
So why should we believe you?
They are going to have to face that.
And when he gets his gander up, he's a very impressive orator as well, isn't he?
The problem is we know him more -- as more than a campaigner now.
But can we drop a little bit of the pious baloney?
Well, if his record was so great as governor of Massachusetts, why didn't he run for re- election.
Doesn't it?
It always has been.
It's so transparent that it actually defeats the whole purpose of saying you can't be involved in these things, doesn't it?
This is what it has all come down to.
Do you agree with that?
Part of it.
If you were president right now, what would you be doing?
I'd lighten up the regulations.
Is this true?
We're back to writing a column again.
Who wears the trousers in this column writing gig?
Jack is the idea generator.
Do you argue?
We have spirited discussions.
How did you persuade her to marry you?
My charm and probably my wallet.
Suzy, is that heartless assessment true?
We have just really liked each other a ton.
Was it 10 years?
Ten years.
And should it matter anymore?
That's a question I'll leave to you to answer.
Suzy?
Everybody makes mistake.
Which one was it, the charm or the wallet?
I'm a guy making movies for 9,000 dollars.
How did you go about -- why have you done this?
You know, there has been a couple of things that have happened in the last few years.
How did that work?
I was coming up with the idea for the screen play.
What do you hope -- what's the expectation?
Well, the thing that's amazing is using social media now to publicize the film -- we have done this thing where theatrical doesn't make financial sense for indy films, for the most part.
And you have already made what, half a million?
Just -- I would say a little shy of that.
Was it in your mind that it might?
Oh, yeah.
Do you all hang out together?
URNS: All the time.
It was at your wedding?
It was at our wedding, yes/
Is being married to Christie Turlington as good as I have always imagined it would be?
Yes, it is.
And she wakes up and looks at me and says, what the hell was I thinking?
She's waking up next to Ed Burns.
Life's pretty good, isn't it?
It's not bad.
Do you have time?
I do.
Wasn't it?
You look at all the actors that had the pleasure of working with Payne.
Will you be at the Golden Globes?
I will not, no.
So you'll be avoiding the Ricky Gervais roast?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Do you laugh as loudly as I do at the sheer amount of offense he causes?
I just absolutely love it.
Could you take it?
I think so.
Has he sealed the deal yet?
Well, that's an understatement, Piers, to say pretty good.
Is that going to be the consistent strategy going forward?
Well, he's been consistent in focusing on Barack Obama.
Are you taking him seriously now as a possible threat to win the nomination?
Well, Ron Paul and Mitt Romney don't agree on many things.
How do you answer the charge that Mitt Romney is a vulture?
Well, first of all, it's inaccurate and unfair.
Are you concerned that one of your opponents now has the kind of financial muscle to play dirty in the way that you have?
Well, I don't think we say -- you're saying we had money.
But can you move from dangerous to electable, do you think?
Well, we're dangerous to the status quo.
Why did he stick his neck out like that?
Well, there are two things that should bring all Republicans together, and that is, one is realizing that, you know, the media will pull some "gotcha" statements from time to time and take things out of context.
It's going to get more serious, doesn't it?
It is.
And finally and quickly, where does he get his energy from?
From the people.
What do you think we've ended up at?
Big victory for Mitt Romney, 39, 40 percent, very, very impressive in a crowded field like that and from his perspective, the two candidates he probably feared the most, Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich, they did not do well coming in fourth and fifth.
John King, the big question, I guess, is of all the other runners and writers, have any of them got it in them to actually challenge Mitt Romney in South Carolina and going forward?
Almost forget the candidates for a minute.
Well, how can you claim you're stronger if you keep losing to the candidate you call weak or freak?
Exactly.
It's hard to make that argument, isn't it?
And tell you, we had a spirited debate earlier about whether it was to the party's advantage, the Republicans, to have an extended battle.
It goes on, could Romney not become a more formidable opponent?
There are those who argue that, who believes that.
He's going to go for it, isn't he, through the super PAC?
Yes.
Who's going to win this argument?
This is going to be really difficult.
Could he take some of that time and some of that voting away from Mitt Romney because they (INAUDIBLE)?
Here's the difference between Iowa and South Carolina.
If Mitt Romney wins in South Carolina, is he basically the nominee?
He's not -- it isn't a done deal yet.
Erin?
Well, I would agree with that but I would think the momentum would be so much behind him.
David, three out of three, a done deal?
Done deal.
John?
Yes.
Being in the 1 percent is the last place you want to find yourself, isn't it?
Well, we didn't compete in New Hampshire so it doesn't surprise us that our score there was a bit on the low side.
What are you going to do to turn around your fortunes given the fairly (INAUDIBLE) state you're in at the moment?
Well, the fact is that there's a lot going to happen in the next two weeks in South Carolina.
For any candidate to actually seriously challenge him for the nomination, isn't it?
Well, I don't think so.
Why have you found the debates such a struggle?
Well, actually, the last three or four debates I think we performed at a rather high level.
Because if Mitt Romney now wins the nomination, haven't you just landed Barack Obama a perfect stick to beat him with?
Well, there's a real difference between a venture capitalist and a vulture capitalist.
What is the realistic endgame for you if you reach that point?
Well, I think you said the magic words, if I meet that point, which is not in our game plan at all.
What's your assessment?
Well, no doubt about it, Piers.
Or is it good for the party?
Well, this is South Carolina.
I mean is it a good thing to wrap it up early or can you see the merits of a good old tussle?
ONNELLY: You know, I really think, Piers, that a long, drawn-out battle is not necessarily a bad thing because it engages people nationwide.
Is that going to be a problem for him, do you think?
Well, you know, we are fiercely evangelical.
Who are you endorsing right now?
Nobody.
And you can dismiss him but what more can he be doing than he is doing?
Well, he's playing a very good game of defense when he has a lot of money working to his benefit and he's playing defense.
Can I get behind this guy the way that I got behind John McCain?
OK.
I mean he's not doing badly for somebody that everyone else says they're not very enthusiastic about?
Well, he is winning.
But who do you think he would have been steering to?
Oh, my father never got involved in contested primaries for very good reasons and, in fact, would support the nominee of the party.
Barack Obama's got it all to do, hasn't he?
Well, what's happened over the last few months is -- we've had a focus on the Republican Party and the Republican candidates with the media focusing on the Republican Party and what does it stand for and it's been a diversion from what does Barack Obama stand for and what has he been able to do.
So what do you think of the new politics where everyone just whacks everybody else?
Well, I don't think you know me, Piers Morgan.
He didn't believe Republicans should do this to each other, did he?
Yes.
The fact that he's now turning mean, I guess, is the story because he tried to present himself as the new Newt, the nice Newt, the saintly Newt and it didn't work and now he's going to go back to the way perhaps a more traditional Newt would have behaved which is when an opponent whacks him he's going to whack him back, isn't he?
I think it was very disingenuous.
Has he won?
Oh, yes.
Has he still got a chance do you think?
Not much of a chance.
Where's the smart money going now?
It's all going to Romney.
And the other question I want to put to you, if you're Barack Obama, would you rather know who the nominee is now or are you happy to watch the Republicans scrap it out for a few more months?
There's no question it's the latter.
Do both of you agree Mitt Romney at the moment looks like a shoo-in?
He's the favorite.
I'd say upward of 90 percent?
Ninety percent.
Did you imagine ever working for him?
No.
But who's the real Newt Gingrich?
This inner intensity that I have tended to, in some ways, be destructive.
Why here?
It's fun.
Yours?
Any super PAC.
Yours or Mitt Romney's secret super PAC?
Any.
So where did Saint Newt come from?
It's not a question about being Saint Newt, it's a question about where you're prepared to fight.
If you'd known what was coming?
Well, probably I would have reacted earlier to the attack ads, especially the ones that were untrue.
What's your response to that?
I like the brilliant visionary part.
ORGAN: In answer to the too much baggage and the erratic allegations, I mean a bit of truth of both, I would say, wouldn't you?
Well, I think that's part of what I have to overcome.
Do you know the answer?
Well, the point is, if a guy is running for president -- he has two major credentials, his record as governor which he doesn't want to talk about because he was much more liberal as governor than a Republican primary will ever endorse.
But if he manages to establish that his record at Bain was such that he created more jobs than he effectively lost you could argue that's exactly what is needed in America right now in the sense that you're going to have to cut, aren't you?
But he makes that assertion anyway.
-- he was a force for negative?
Well, I think we've certainly raised the question -- it's not about capitalism, it's not about free enterprise, it's about values, character and judgment.
What do you actually think of him personally as a man?
I don't.
You have no view?
No, I have no view.
Do you like him?
He is a competitor.
You don't have to go to the sun to know it's hot, do you?
I'm only saying --
Do you still stand by the fact he's a liar about you?
I still stand by the fact that he is -- that he is not truthful.
What do you think of his character?
I don't have an obligation to answer any of that.
Is it better for a leader, for a potential president of the United States, to admit that they have been wrong and to change their mind about issues, or to stick stubbornly by their same platform on these things decade after decade?
If somebody -- first of all, you had a fairly long career.
I mean, it would be strange if you hadn't, wouldn't it?
Right.
But are you dubious about Mitt Romney's motivation for changing his position?
Well, first of all, if you go to Romneytaxes.com you'll see every single tax he raised while he's governor.
Could you imagine ever working for him?
No.
Can there be a good result?
No.
If you don't win, given you've set that parameter, do you drop out?
I don't know.
Or is that just good politics?
I'm not saying it's his fault or not his fault.
Is this the biggest week of your life politically?
Yes, I think politically, this -- well, it's the most decisive week.
Is Rick Santorum -- he had the Santorum surge, took a bit of a hit in New Hampshire, not necessarily surprisingly, but is it over for him, or do you think you continue to see him get traction?
No.
Are you surprised Governor Perry is still going?
Well, that's his decision.
At what point does the party have to rally, as you say, behind this one consensus?
No, never --
Has it reached that point now?
The party never has to rally.
But doesn't it have to -- doesn't it have to collectively say, "We're now going to have these two duke it out"?
No.
Does it help that you have endless candidates carrying on?
But that is not the party's function.
Given what you experienced on those battlefields, given what you saw, if you had been the commander-in-chief, that decision about Iraq, would have taken that decision?
Well, there were two decisions.
You mean with hindsight or without hindsight?
Well, I'm looking with foresight.
And what would do in that circumstance?
Well, by then you've already been pushed into a corner where only military action is capable.
If I said to you, give me a phrase which would sum up your kind of overview of a modern American foreign policy, what would you say it would be?
I would say it would be to protect the interests of America and her allies, and to do it in as effective a way as possible with the minimum of force and the minimum of risk.
Would you quibble with any of those comparisons?
No, not much.
Why is this not possible now?
It is.
Not Republicans?
I think it's the whole system.
Do they underestimate you?
I love the capacity of Washington pundits to be -- to be sort of serially wrong, you know.
If you were in South Carolina and you're thinking "should I vote for this guy," what is the biggest misconception about you personally?
Oh, I don't know.
How important is your wife to you?
Extraordinarily.
Are you as happy with Callista as you've ever been with any woman in your life?
Oh, sure.
Do you accept it's a valid criticism?
Look, I think people have every right to ask of any presidential candidate virtually everything.
How has that changed you as a person?
There is a power to the Eucharist in the Catholic tradition that is a power to -- the community -- one of the things that the people would say to me is welcome home.
What do you think?
Well, I think that that's something that Romney has to be able to explain.
Do you as a Catholic find it strange?
No, I'm not judgmental about how people go to God.
If I could be any animal?
Yes.
An elephant?
Yes.
Why?
They have 105,000 muscles in their trunk.
Really?
Yes.
You want 105,000 muscles in your trunk?
And they're big and they last a long time.
What kind of animal do you think Mitt Romney would be?
I have no idea and I'm not going to go down that road.
What are the key things that a new president come November, if it is a new president, needs to do?
INGRICH: Well, I think first of all you have to offer an optimistic vision of a hopeful, successful American future.
What do you think he would make of the Newt Gingrich that you've become?
Well, considering that he wrote from Korea after I did my very first newspaper article at 10.
Would he prefer the Newt Gingrich today to the one that he found slightly less favorite?
Yes.
What would your mother make of you?
Oh, my mother would just love me.
Do you feel like you've almost spent the last 50 years bracing yourself for this week and this battle?
Yes, in a sense.
Do we know that for a fact?
I know it because I know the market pretty well.
Why is that?
I guess maybe they've gotten into it for a while in -- they sort of begin in Iowa, then they go to New Hampshire, it's a little bit restrained there, and they get to South Carolina.
Armageddon really?
That may be overstated a little.
Are you moving towards Mitt Romney?
I'm not moving at any direction at all.
Can this make a difference in the way that Mitt Romney's super PACs really hammered Newt Gingrich's popularity?
You can -- you can emphasize and sympathize with Newt.
Or was it all fair in love and electoral war?
It was -- some of it was unfair.
He wins all four, he's there, right?
Yes.
You would assume so?
I would say, and then practically --
Is it Gingrich simply on (INAUDIBLE) money?
Gingrich or Santorum.
What are his weaknesses?
I think you go after him on the economy.
Where has he genuinely had success?
He's had success with terrorism, a success and failures with terrorism, but he's had success in the ones that are quite obvious.
What do you make of the furor surrounding it?
Typical.
Or is it just glorified tittle-tattle?
Somewhere in between.
Did you expect it?
Well, actually there's been a lot of praise and excitement for the book.
As she says, how do you know what's going on in their head?
Well, I reported on her for about the same way I've been reporting on her for five years in the "New York Times," which is the Obama inner circle really let me in for this book.
How would you know that?
Well, because her -- I was -- her aides gave me access.
You must be disappointed, as a "New York Times" journalist, that your book is being characterized as a critical attack in many ways on the First Lady, aren't you?
Well, you know, most people who have read the book think it's a pretty flattering portrait of her.
Why are they doing this?
That is something I think a lot of reporters in Washington don't necessarily understand.
Are you slightly sad that the book is being spun, for whatever reason, in this very negative way against the First Lady?
I do think you're on to an excellent question, because the political culture is so nasty and negative that I think there is a good question about if you work really hard on an honest portrayal of these people, that shows their successes and failures and their strengths and their weaknesses, you are at risk of being attacked for that.
Do we want to live in a world where -- where that doesn't exist?
ORGAN: No, I guess my only point journalistically is that you are relying on other people to tell you how Michelle Obama, in particular, has been feeling throughout this book.
I mean you would accept that, right?
Well, let me tell you about one scene in the book that I find very poignant.
If the First Lady's watching this, and I'm sure it's on her nightly viewing schedule, would you express any regret to her in the way this is all being portrayed?
Oh, well, you know, I can't take the responsibility for what people are saying on TV shows, when they haven't read the book and they haven't studied this.
When you saw this video as a soldier first, I guess, what was your reaction to it?
You know, first and foremost, you know, that is not anything that we were ever taught to do as soldiers.
Are you surprised that sometimes in the heat of battle soldiers, even the finest Marines, go over the top like this?
No, I mean, I don't think that -- again, this isn't appropriate behavior.
You think it's more callous than that?
No, I have no idea.
And in that kind of video, they ruin everything, don't they?
YNCH: Yeah, I mean, obviously you can look out and tell that, you know, that's not appropriate behavior in any manner.
It's just incredibly disappointing, isn't it?
It is.
Should they be kicked out?
Again --
The perpetrators?
I think we should find out from the whole entire case of what the actual back story is --
It must be an awful thing for them, isn't it?
Yes, definitely.
What was your driving motivation?
Well, I was in a humvee with five other soldiers.
Did you come under a lot of pressure from people in the military, perhaps, and politically as well, not to do that?
No, no, not at any time was I -- I mean, we had criticism and stuff.
Why would a nice young girl from West Virginia join the Army?
I couldn't find -- I wanted a better life for myself.
Did you ever imagine, in your wildest nightmares, that you would one day be on the front line of somewhere like Iraq?
No, never, never.
How is that coming along?
Good.
I was quite surprised, actually, Is it been getting better for you, slowly but surely?
It does, because I make it mentally.
What's the simple idea?
Just to get kids reading.
So you're not exactly on the -- on the breadline, are you?
No, no.
But do you feel you have?
Yes, in many ways.
When you look back on it, how tough was it, in reality, do you think?
Well, you know, it -- it depends.
How did you manage, do you think, to make that break, to get out of that culture?
Well, I had to make the choice personally.
When that prison door shut for the first time and you were in the cell -- can you remember how you felt?
Of course.
Did your behavioral pattern change dramatically when you came out?
It did, but it's also very hard because now you're back into that environment and it's not like all of a sudden I could say -- well, I grew up in this bad place and I don't want to be around these guys anymore, so I'm going to move to California or I'm going to move to New York.
Rough though it was, and tough, what were the things that you got from that lifestyle which have been of benefit to you in the new world that you have?
Well, that real life experience is so much more powerful, I think, in my job, especially as an actor, than anything, and also in my business approach.
Are you -- are you a very tough negotiator?
I'm not.
Do the streets ever leave you?
No.
Is that right?
Yes.
What does it bring you?
AHLBERG: A very clear focus on what's important, expressing my gratitude for all the blessings that have been bestowed upon me, and a reminder everyday of what I need to do and what I need to focus on and what I need to stay away from.
When you pray, what do you pray for?
I pray to be a good servant to God, a father, a husband, a son, a friend, brother and uncle, a good neighbor, a good leader to those that look up to me and a good follower to those that are serving God and doing the right thing and people that it can look up to and, you know, try to emulate.
But it's a very -- it is a very raw movie, isn't it?
Yes.
Do you know the answer?
You know, I -- I probably -- that would be probably the only reason why I'd ever go back to prison, if I had to do something to protect my family, you know, and there was no other -- there was no other means of doing it.
What do you family make of your career path?
It all depends on which part of my family.
What are the positive parts and what are the negative?
Well, my kids could care less and they hate it when, you know, people come up to us when we're in public and, you know, and the paparazzi and stuff like that.
But the character was sort of probably had to have one and you did a deal not to have one, but the deal was you would still appear naked on screen, is that right?
Yes.
How did you hear about that?
Tell me about the deal.
But a deal worked in to keep your wife happy?
Yes.
I mean, who -- who do you really rate out there in the acting world?
Daniel Day-Lewis, Russell Crowe, Denzel Washington --
-- and a great actor?
-- kind of actors.
Are you sad "Entourage" is over?
Very.
What do you think of the basic shallowness of Hollywood, the fact that if you're a hot star, everyone is crawling all over you, kissing ass, the moment it goes cold, boom?
That's why you need people around you that will keep you grounded.
Have you got one out there that you think, if I get the chance, that's what I want to do?
I want to play you.
That kind of lofty ambition?
I don't know.
If you're President Obama and you're trying to deal with this obviously huge problem, what do you do about that problem, that part of it, the need to finance a family?
Well, it's -- it's extremely difficult.
You dropped out, then you went to prison and now you're this billion dollar movie star?
And I say the odds of you doing that are slim to none.
How important has your wife been to you?
She's the most important person in my life.
What's in the pipeline?
A lot of different things.
When you look back over this amazing career you've had, with all the twists and turns, if I had the power to let you relive one moment again, what would you choose?
I would probably choose not quitting school because that's when everything started to go downhill.
How do you feel?
Blessed.
What do you think your dad would have made of the Mark Wahlberg sitting in front of me now?
You know what, he was around long enough to see me turn it around.
In a different way, but a similar kind of struggle?
One of the things that he said when he first arrived in Prague, he said, remember, I'm not making a civil rights movie right here.
Is it shocking?
No, it's par -- it's par for the course.
Are you surprised that we're three years after President Barack Obama is elected, and you're still having to have this kind of battle in a place like Hollywood?
Absolutely.
Do you believe that since Barack Obama was elected, America has become more or less racist?
I hope -- you know, I'm an optimist, so I think less racist.
How do you think Barack Obama's been doing as president?
You know, it's a hard job.
But, my God, how do you deal with all of the pressures coming from every possible place?
It's almost an impossible job.
ORGAN: Doesn't the movie that you've made here -- doesn't that absolutely -- and, indeed, the making of this movie, doesn't that show you that you have to have courage?
Right.
You have to have an instinct for taking a big gamble and for pushing against that kind of partisan view, doesn't it?
Well said what you just said.
How big is this Tebow thing?
It's unbelievable.
Do you like it?
I'm not the biggest NFL fan because I'm not American.
When you do the Tebow, you feel this surging power, don't you?
You feel an energy, yes.
Tell me about Bowie and you?
It came from a writer, Patrick Reilly (ph).
Do you know Bowie?
I do know him.
You were e-mail buddies with David Bowie?
We would just -- for only like a week or something.
And you're email each other saying, what are you watching on TV?
Yeah, then we both put on the same show that each other were watching.
Do you have his e-mail address?
I think I lost it now.
How cool is David Bowie?
I think he's 65 years old, David Bowie.
Is that right?
Yes, he can finally get a free bus pass in Britain.
If I can't email Bowie, can I e-mail you?
No.
I can't e-mail you?
You can go through my publicist.
Is he going to kill him?
He's going to kill it.
Can you do it?
I can't even do it, because I don't want to take his impression.
But if you were doing me, what would you do?
I would do his impression.
What are my weaknesses?
It's just great.
Why would I love that?
You have to.
You are, aren't you?
Yes.
Do you remember bumping me for Charlie Sheen?
Yes.
How many times have you been properly in love?
I'm a British gentleman.
If you could relive five minutes of your life, which would they be?
I thought about that, because I thought you might ask me that, because I think it's a really good question.
So let's start by letting everybody know how this show came to be because initially, you weren't supposed to be a live breaking news show, correct?
Well, initially, the idea was -- I'd do a show back in the UK called "Life Stories," which is a more auto-biographical hour- long interview with one guest.
Are you sure you didn't invite yourself to be on Oprah's show?
Well, I was desperate and she listened to this desperate pathetic little Brit, and thought come, come to Chicago.
How did you feel about it?
Well, look, I mean -- I have spent my life back in Britain as a journalist involved with breaking news.
Did you watch your own interviews?
Yes.
What is your nightmare scenario for you?
We don't want to see this stark Mediavalism that represses women, that crushes the rights of people, that rolls us back a millennium, that fosters violence and does everything that we abhor that it would take over.
OK, and what did you think of your performance?
I found him incredibly impressive.
Did you like him?
I did like him.
What about Colin Powell?
Colin Powell is a remarkable man.
You don't know what gumbo is?
Well, I do now.
Why can't it be my thing, too?
Well, it is your thing.
How do you know?
-- seems a little shallow to me.
So where would you like to begin?
Some of them were impressive people I've met actually turned out not to run for president which I thought was a shame.
Are you a fan?
No.
No?
No.
Has he disappointed, you Obama?
I'm disappointed that we haven't seen more bold decisions from him.
How's he doing, the half white guy?
I'm still rooting for the black president.
How do you think he's doing?
That is a tough question.
Why shouldn't I ask Heidi Klum?
She's German and a supermodel.
Well, are you American yet?
No.
But she's an American citizen, why shouldn't I ask her?
Well, I guess you could ask her but it just seems like an odd choice to ask somebody --
When you were covering the royal wedding, how painful was it to sit next to Anderson Cooper for that many hours?
ORGAN: It was a joy for Anderson.
Am I now doing the Tebow?
You are.
Now have you had them on the show yet?
I haven't yet but the invitation remains extended to William and Kate.
Kim was on the show?
Yes.
Right?
Well, actually it was a week before we taped it because it coincided with her book launch.
So does that kind of thing piss you off?
Not really.
Your second?
My last.
Are you auditioning?
No, no.
Are we done?
I'm not.
Are you under the influence right now of any substances?
No.
Do you remember bumping me for Charlie Sheen?
Yes.
So why were you so nice to him?
I like Charlie Sheen.
Do you think he was high, though, while you were interviewing him?
No.
What is this problem here?
Well, I think you're absolutely right on that -- on that point.
You're in the 1 percent, right?
Well, I'm not in the 1 percent, no, but I am --
Do you know the answers?
Thank you.
What are you worth?
I don't know.
How?
Just, they can.
How do you think Larry King would have handled the situation, like any of those?
In the graceful, brilliant way he did with every situation for 25 years, one of my heroes.
Is he one of your heroes?
Yes, he genuinely was.
How do you feel when you have to interview somebody like that?
It's always challenging.
Do you think Barbara Walters is feisty?
My God.
How many times have you been properly in love?
Never.
How many times have you been properly in love?
Oh, you did not -- I'll throw this mic pack at your --
How many times have you been properly in love in your life?
Once, and I remain there.
Not bad, was it?
No, you had Oprah.
Was she your most impressive guest that you have had?
Certainly one of them, yes.
Probably the biggest, right?
Yes.
So, how many times have you been properly in love?
I'm not going to tell you.
Do you talk about that?
I have been known to.
And your previous wife?
That would also be an --
How many others were there?
I'm not going to tell you.
If you could relive five minute of your life, which would they be?
I thought about that because I thought you might ask me that, because I think it's a really good question.
See how easy it is?
Yes.
So what would you want to relive from that?
I would relive the moment they announced that we won newspaper of the year.
Why?
Because it was long-winded and you really didn't say much.
If you could walk through that door again, would you?
Absolutely.
Don't you think?
Yes, I absolutely agree with you.
What can I say?
We're going to get into that when we come back.
Does sex get better with age, do you think?
You tell us.
Wow, where do we go from here?
I don't know, but I'm hoping somewhere nice.
So what's that about?
It's about good interview technique.
Why?
I liked him.
Females or male comedians?
A lot of comedians are quite depressive, tricky characters.
What about Kathy Griffin, when she crawled over the desk and tried to face hump you?
Well a completely mad woman doing a completely mad thing on live television, and one of the most dangerous moments of my life.
Can you imagine sitting here and Kathy Griffin comes at you like a rampant hyena?
No, I can't.
How did you defend yourself?
It was -- I had to fend her off, like I did you.
Can we expect the little patter of little Beyonce and Jay-Zs?
You know, only God knows.
Would you mind asking him to tell me?
I will.
When did you join, first of all?
I don't remember when I joined.
How long have you bee on?
One year.
Have you reached out to him?
No, but I keep saying on the show, hoping that he's sitting there watching, thinking to himself, if I just do one interview with one guy on TV, it's going to be this guy.
What do you have to offer him that everybody else doesn't?
I do interviews in a different way than anyone else.
What if he doesn't like it?
You obviously love it, because you keep coming back.
What if he doesn't like it?
He will like it, because he's my hero.
Is that the life you wish you could lead?
Yes.
What he your idea of a little bit of heaven?
Being here with you, Piers.
What's the big dream role for you?
To play you.
How many times have you been properly in love?
Only with you.
Why have you finally succumbed to me?
Well --
What changed your mind?
No, actually, I watched your show since day one and I -- you know, have been admiring it.
Now they want me to ask, how many times have you been properly in love?
OK.
Is it to you?
Yes.
Who with?
Well, the most recent and the most -- you know, the one I'd like to talk about.
Who would the third be?
Someone when I was much younger.
You know that you have one relationship, I think, in your life that's kind of crazy and out of control a little bit that usually doesn't last very long but it takes you into the deep water, into the rough waves, right?
The first time your heart really breaks.
You remember it?
Well.
And who broke whose heart?
I was always the heart -- the first one, I got my heartbroken badly.
How did it change you emotionally?
I think, first of all, it opened me up.
But isn't the reality is, when you scale those dizzy height a lot of fun, though, a lot of it is, it can be a quite lonely existence, can it?
Totally.
Present company excepted, have you ever been in love with a man?
Yes.
Who?
His name is Mike, and I've lived with him for about two years.
About convention, conventional relationships?
Well, about the societal approval that you got to have just by virtue of the fact that it was a heterosexual relationship.
Do you feel defensive more than you would normally?
Not for me, I don't think.
And the three top ones are no longer in the race, right?
Yes, it's interesting to me that they're not.
What do you make of the GOP race generally?
You know, it's a sad lot of contenders.
Why do you feel there's still this fear of being open about sexuality in modern America?
I don't know.
Really?
I don't.
Do you think mythology builds up about certainly celebrities?
Yes, I do.
What's your overview now you've been in there a few months?
Well, I think that any new cable start-up takes about five to 10 years to really hit.
But when you two are together, these titans of American television, fire brands in many ways, trailblazers, what's the relationship like between you?
I feel like she's the smarter, prettier, older sister that you want to be like.
Why?
She has a reach that is undeniable.
Are you enjoying it?
A lot.
You know?
Let's turn to your family.
How are they all?
They're good.
And how about when you threaten to kill yourself?
Yes.
Do you like Twitter?
I do.
Have I?
Yes.
What were you expecting?
I was expecting mayhem.
Really?
Yes.
'DONNELL: You think?
I've always thought that in different circumstances, you and I could be quite a hot couple.
How much weight have you lost?
Sixteen pounds.
Is that a stone?
Yes, it's a stone.
In what space of time?
November 6th was the day I --
Two months, 16 pounds?
'DONNELL: You know, working out and eating healthy.
Right?
You're very obedient then.
Have you learned to be obedient in a relationship?
No, I am always sort of obedient in a relationship.
Really?
I really do follow orders.
Really?
I am.
You met in a restaurant?
We met at a Starbucks actually.
Really?
Million years.
Have you seen her?
She's very attractive.
Who proposed to who?
We had talked about it, you know, getting married, but I actually bought the ring and asked the question.
It was her exact word?
Well, it was freaking, but you get the point.
Do any of them have any problems with you being gay that you picked up on or has it all worked out in a better way you could ever have imagined?
I think it's worked out better because I'm a public figure and they didn't have to sort of tell their friends, or come out at school, everyone sort of just knew.
Wasn't it?
It's humiliating and it was probably the most difficult thing that I ever went through in my adult life.
What was the moment for you when you realized it was irretrievable, that you were definitely going to have to split up?
When she said -- when she said that.
How do you get along with Kelly now?
Really well.
Did you invite her to your wedding?
I probably would invite her.
What do you remember about your mother?
'DONNELL: She was the president of the PTA.
What do you think she would have made of how you have grown up?
I don't know.
When you see people who have very close relationships with their mothers, do you feel like you've had this huge void in your life?
Always.
Really?
So I would look in the mirror and I would be like, wow.
What must that have felt like for her?
Yes.
Really?
So she was aware.
Can you still cook it?
Yes, I do.
Brings back too many painful memories?
Yes.
That's sad, isn't it?
It is sad.
How did your father deal with it in reality?
You know, not very well.
Now that you've had four kids yourself, have you been able to look back on him in a more favorable light, given the enormity of what was suddenly thrust upon him?
In some ways, I do.
Have you reached that place?
I have.
Have you forgiven him, in your mind?
I have.
Are you surprised they invited him back?
Shocked.
You do?
He's done me a lot of favors.
He does?
Say something nice.
Is there a surprise guest?
I feel like Kofi Annan.
Yes, a confirmation?
No, I wasn't given one.
How do you feel about being involved in one of the really appalling films ever made?
I'm happy I did it for two reasons.
How do you go wrong with that?
Who is great.
Which is?
Which is if I could let you relive --
What would it be?
It would be this interview, Piers.
I have heard you ask that question a million times before?
Admit.
Can you remember a particular moment?
I remember on time we were driving home from Rainbow Ranch, which is where she would take my nana and herself to get dresses that were on sale.
What's the one piece of advice you would give any president when they walk in the Oval Office for the first time?
Tell the truth.
What was the overriding concept for the center?
Well, to promote two things.
Do you feel that you've achieved more outside of the presidency than you did when you were there?
Well, it's a different kind of thing.
Just on those two things alone, pretty big ticks in the box, weren't they?
Well, they were.
Did part of you celebrate and the other part slightly think, OK, what's going to happen now?
Well, both.
Well, what should America's role be?
I think to promote democracy and freedom.
Was that a mistake, do you think?
I think it was a serious mistake.
Do you think naturally that you are?
No, I don't.
Would that be a fair comment?
I don't think so.
Do you think he means it?
I don't -- I'm not sure.
To the Israelis who say that you don't fully, I guess, feel their pain of being on the receiving end of the suicide bombing and the attacks and so on, what do you say to them?
I don't have much chance to talk to Israeli leaders anymore, but last time I was over there, I did meet with the speaker of the House and I met with the deputy prime minister and also the mayor of Jerusalem.
Are they the people that you could have done business with as president?
Menachem Begin, when he was first elected, had a terrible reputation against peace, against any accommodation, absolutely rigid in his policies.
Could that have happened in Iraq if it had been left to its own devices?
Well, I certainly think so.
Is there a consistent policy that America should pursue with the three or are they all very different cases?
Well, they are different, but there are basic principles that should be followed.
Should Assad go, though, do you think?
I think Assad is likely -- very likely to go in the next few months, maybe during this current year.
And the big question then is how does America respond if it has absolute concrete evidence that Iran now has a nuclear weapon?
I don't think America has that kind of confidence.
I mean you deliberately avoided any kind of military conflict with Iran when you were president?
Yes, I did.
You still think it would have been a terrible error to do that?
ARTER: I do, because every one of the hostages came home safe and free.
What would need to precipitate that?
I think a real threat against Israel, for instance, of an atomic attack, and I'm not sure that the Iranians are going toward a nuclear capability.
This is an exact replica of your Oval Office, isn't it?
It is absolutely the way it was when I was president.
Same furniture?
Same furniture, same carpet.
When you come in here, how does it make you feel?
It makes me feel at home.
And Jimmy and I used to put a table between those two chairs and meet, was it every Wednesday?
Every week.
I mean, you were right then and you would be right to say that today, wouldn't you?
Yes.
So, you know, the grassroots were there, which you picked up on, but nobody listened?
That's right.
One of the questions people wanted the answers, do you actually like peanuts?
I still grow peanuts, I still eat peanuts.
You like peanuts?
I hope everybody will join me in eating peanuts.
What do you think?
Well, I think that entrepreneurial spirit was very important for me as a remote -- as a farm boy on a remote farm, who didn't know anything about the outside world, but was raised with hard work and had a nurturing parents.
How do you think he's doing as president?
Well, he hasn't been able to accomplish very much, because he's been hamstringed by the most uncooperative Congress we've had in history, in my opinion.
How do you personally get on with President Obama?
We don't have any relationship much.
Are you sad about that?
I wish it was a closer relationship.
I heard that you felt a little bit let down when the first chance he got to have you speak at a Democratic Convention, he asked you to do a documentary film instead along with President Clinton, and it was can cut from 20 minutes to four minutes, and that you were a bit cheesed off with this?
Well, I was, a bit.
Were they good reasons?
For him to get elected, yes.
When you hear Rick Santorum using you as some stick to batter President Obama, what do you feel about that?
I think he's mistaken.
Is he meddling with the wrong guy here?
Well, I'm not dangerous to him.
Has Mitt Romney, from what you're looking at -- has he got it in the bag, do you think?
That's the indication now.
When you see that kind of thing, as a very religious man yourself -- a lot of them say, look, we're very religious people; it's all in the Bible -- what do you feel?
I feel that they're going to extremes just to try to get votes.
And you think he's doing it deliberately?
I think so.
It's the same thing, isn't it?
Not quite.
What's the difference?
ARTER: Well, he's not a racist, I think.
What are the warning signs for Barack Obama that you would -- if you had the chance, you would say to him, watch this, be careful about that?
Well, as we mentioned on the program earlier, I think luck has a lot to do with it.
So he's never moaned again about your timekeeping?
There's another story about him forgetting my Christmas present.
Sixty five year marriage -- what do you think the secret has been to the longevity of your marriage?
Well, I think maybe the hardest time we had was when he was when we came home from the White House, because it was the first time we had both been home together all day, everyday.
Like what?
Like I want to go in my office and work without interruption.
Who is the boss here?
He's the boss.
Really?
Ultimately, Rosalynn is.
Or have you just been very lucky that you've never had a period in your life?
We had one time like that.
ORGAN: So actually writing a book together nearly killed your marriage?
Absolutely true.
What did you resolve from this?
We gave up our advance on the book back to our publisher.
And you have never written a book again together?
Never.
Why Guinea worms?
It's located in very isolated villages that don't have any source of water except a pond that ponds up during the rainy season.
How old is she now?
43.
And whether there was a big difference?
It's hard to go to sleep the first night, it was so excited.
Are you allowed to come back?
I think there's probably an age limit.
How many times have you been properly in love before you met Karen?
Never.
Never?
No.
Let's just make it chummy, aren't we?
Yes.
Right?
It seems like a crazy period as this election really hits off.
How do you feel?
You know, I'm a slow and steady kind of guy.
Really?
No.
Has Mitt Romney called you and congratulated you about winning Iowa?
As a matter of fact he did, you know, shortly -- shortly afterwards, yesterday afternoon.
So this gets interesting, doesn't it?
It's as -- as I said in New Hampshire, and -- and also in Iowa, game on.
-- the race?
-- I think that's a pretty good analysis of the race.
Yes?
-- that you were the guy with the big ideas.
Why has such an incredibly aggressive, fast-moving, seemingly formidable movement dissipated to the extent that it has?
It is a little bit confounding that here's a group that was this -- the -- the key -- absolutely the key for the Republicans to win in 2008.
Do you think your trump card is that you have flip- flopped the least and that you are -- you are -- whether people agree with you or not, you've been the most true to your principles?
I certainly make that case, that they're borne out of real convictions and I've tried to reflect those convictions in every aspect of my life.
-- the war generation, weren't they?
Yes, I mean it inspires you to realize the sacrifice that people make and make today.
If you'd been president after 9/11, would you have gone to war in Iraq, knowing everything you know now?
It would have been a very hard decision.
So what's the answer?
Based on the information I had at the time, I think we made the right decision.
But what about everything you know now?
Yes, it's hard to -- it's hard to go back and Monday morning quarterbacking.
We left on a cliffhanger there, where you were mulling over the nuances of, with all the evidence we now have, would you have gone to war in Iraq?
.
Do you think the mission was finished?
The mission was partially finished.
If you become president in November, would you put American troops back into Iraq?
No.
So, the genie is out of the bottle?
The genie is out of the bottle and you have to deal with the situation as it is.
Would you be prepared to put boots on the ground in Iran?
No.
How you would you do it?
In fact, I've laid out a pretty clear road map, if you will, as to the things that I think we need to do, and I have stopped short of saying we need to put boots on the ground.
You wouldn't hesitate to bomb Iran if you had to?
Absolutely not hesitate to do --
What would it take to trigger that, do you think?
ANTORUM: That I felt that they were on the precipice of, you know, actually being in a position to produce that nuclear weapon.
And just being on the cusp of being able to produce it, you think would be enough to trigger an attack?
It would because once that weapon is weaponized and completed and exploded, then we have a situation where the world has changed.
Gadhafi taken out with allied help?
You know, again, my feeling on that is that we, number one, acted indecisively, we acted unwisely, we acted at the behest of international bodies without a national security interest in our -- and I would not engaged.
Didn't it?
Well, let's find -- well, certainly Gadhafi is gone.
So, you -- by the process of elimination, you would have kept Gadhafi in power?
I would only act using the American military if there is a national security interest to our country was threatened.
So would be happy to say China, as its military power increases, to start doing some of the dirty work, perhaps, at being the global police force?
I'm not sure the dirty work wouldn't be rather dirty as opposed to what we do, which is not dirty work, which is stand up and -- for human rights and stand up for liberty and for the opportunity of people to have political and economic freedom.
-- personally?
I've -- I served with him for two years.
Why?
-- from a professional point of view.
What's your main criticism of him as president?
Well, I think he has a fundamental different view of what -- what makes America a great country.
What do you think his view is?
His view is that the stronger the government is and the more things that I can do for its people, the better this country is going to be.
And what's your view?
My view is the less the government can do and the more freedom and opportunity you give people, that trusting people and free people and free enterprise -- that America has built the greatest country in the history of the world.
Given your stance on gay marriage, for example, could you see any circumstances where you might change that in a way that you hardened your position on an issue like abortion, could you see yourself potentially softening your position on gay marriage?
No, you know, marriage is an institution that existed before governments existed.
So when you say you respect their rights, isn't their legal right in New York now to get married?
Well, it's a law.
Would you change the law?
I would change the law to make a uniform definition of marriage in this country, because I think -- like the uniform definition for life --
You would make it illegal to get married?
Well, again, I would reinstitute the traditional marriage as the best --
Are you going to try to make it illegal for gay people to get married?
All I would say is that marriage has been voted on 32 times in this country in 32 states, from Maine to California and 32 times the people of this country have said that marriage is between a man and a woman and the public should have a say about this.
Why was that?
Life.
And was pregnant and was begging you to let her have an abortion, would you really be able to look her in the eye and say, no, as her father?
I would do what every father must do, is to try to counsel your daughter to do the right thing.
And they are looking at their daughter ,saying, how can I deal with this, because if I make her have this baby, isn't it going to just ruin her life?
Well, you can make the argument that if she doesn't have this baby, if she kills her child, that that, too, could ruin her life.
How do you equate that with supporting the death penalty, given there are so many people who actually are completely innocent?
Yes.
But we can't be, can we?
Well, you can --
How have you managed to do this, and stay so united, so close?
I think a lot of it is just a real focus on faith and family.
How did you two meet?
At the law firm.
What was it you saw in Rick?
He was so funny the night we met.
It couldn't have been the sweater?
I didn't have --
And, Karen, what do you think is the biggest misconception about your husband?
That he's not nice.
-- become something different?
Absolutely.
But you think people should lay off him on this one?
I think, yes, that's my personal belief.
What was he singing?
And he said -- he said, I'm not going away.
What were you singing, do you remember?
Well, yes, I was.
Really?
(Inaudible).
This is going to ruin everything?
A little bit.
Has it been a positive thing?
Yes.
How do you feel when the old man gets attacked?
We try not to read the news.
The barroom brawls, you know, if you hear someone dissing Santorum?
Yes, just ignore it.
Oh, you ignore it?
Yes.
Sarah, how do you feel?
Well, it's been really busy, but it's been quite an experience.
Really?
So cute, our two younger boys who are not here, they said, "Dad, you can't run for president because you won't be able to coach Little League baseball."
In a simple, short way, why would your husband make a good president?
For so many reasons.
Piers?
I certainly am, Wolf.
How do you feel?
Oh, we're very excited.
But how did you feel, on a personal level, to see such an incredibly personal interview attacking your father in that way?
Well, we haven't -- I haven't actually seen it, but I can tell you that, of course, in these times, when it is heated, things come out of the blue.
Do you feel that he really is genuinely a different man now to the man that he was maybe in his 30s and 40s?
Absolutely.
Who are you targeting?
I love the way you framed that question.
What do you think his strategy will be in Florida?
Well, I happen to be from Florida now.
Everything has changed, hasn't it?
It certainly has, and I think there's no doubt, I think it's going to be a race because Florida, you know, 10 days between now and January 31st, Piers, a lot could happen.
Maybe not, though, the end of the story by a long way, because Florida is looming large in everything, isn't it?
Yes, I think the beauty is we have 50 states that are very different.
Do you really think that?
Yes, it's absolutely true, I think there's no question that Newt Gingrich cannot beat Barack Obama.
Where does that leave you?
Well, actually, this was about the second best night we could have.
It's like a domino effect, isn't it?
Well, the real interesting thing about Iowa was that we spent by far the least amount of money and, as we know, officially yesterday won it.
At what point do you think you would reach that moment if you had to?
Well, let's put this in context, first of all.
If he ends up in a position where he could be a running mate to either Newt Gingrich or Mitt Romney, and I accept you're not going to throw the towel in -- he may -- he may yet go on to win it -- but would he be prepared to be a running mate to either or both of those candidates?
Not even looking at that right now.
What are you expecting to happen in Florida?
Well, I think, you know, it's like in the NFL, they say on any given Sunday now with -- we're down to the Final Four, these are all professionals, they've got great resumes, they know what they're doing.
What are you hearing?
I'm -- yes, the stories that I'm hearing, what I'm reading is that he's not planning on endorsing.
Why do you think that happened?
Well, I think people are most of all looking to see a candidate that can defeat Barack Obama, that are thinking about supporting the Republican candidate for presidency.
Do you believe that was a -- really a turning point for dealing with that kind of baggage?
REITBART: We've got a situation here where Newt Gingrich, right now, before that, you had Chris Christie, Donald Trump, any candidate that goes out there and attacks the mainstream media immediately gains 20 points amongst conservatives.
Yes, but I mean, Amy Holmes, let me bring you in here because I suppose another way of looking at this, in a White House way, is that this is all quite good for Barack Obama, because you've got the heavyweights of the Republican Party right now just taking seven lumps out of each other every two seconds, negative ad, negative ad, all this stuff accumulates and becomes, I would imagine, a rather useful punch bag for Barack Obama when he works out who the nominee is going to be, isn't it?
Sure.
Look at Mitt Romney, reacting to, are you going to let us see your taxes?
He looked weak on that.
Andrew Breitbart, come in there, because that's a good point, isn't it?
Whether Mitt Romney wants to accept it or not, this -- the last three years was the era of the ascendancy of the Tea Party and he's done everything he can to say, well, I -- he likes to parrot Tea Party phrases and Tea Party ideas that are out there only because of the Tea Party , but he wants to distance himself from the people that were maligned by the media.
Where is he going wrong in selling this message?
Well, Piers, it's interesting, because we go back in his history to 1994 when he ran for the U.S. Senate against Edward Kennedy, a lot of the same issues came up, for example there were ads run by the Edward Kennedy campaign against him, saying that he was killing jobs.
I mean, there are two ways in looking at what they did, aren't there?
There always are, Piers, and I think the problem is that the American public doesn't understand finance very well.
Why isn't he showing more passion?
I think one of the big problems for him is the Occupy movement.
What do we stand for as a country and what do I stand for in my house, with my family?
His thoughts on the race for the White House.
Tell me about what you've been doing here?
Well, this morning, I went to -- the Marines took me to a village that they had constructed like an Afghan village.
When you are that close and they're firing live ammunition, what's the difference between that and everything you've read or heard about it?
Well, I think it made me realize just what our servicemen and women are going through.
What was that like for you as a parent to actually see a son go to war?
Well, I think it was really tough for our family, to have Bo deployed, that whole year was very tough.
How much harder is it that your husband is one of the decision-makers to go into war, to go into battle zones?
IDEN: Actually, that's one of the best things about it for me because I know that Joe truly wanted to get out of Iraq and he wants to get our soldiers out of Afghanistan as soon as they can be pulled out.
What are the things you most relate to in terms of the problems or the issues that arise when you have a loved one who's at battle?
I -- you know, I think -- well, with the Wounded Warriors, when -- my son was not wounded, but when they come back, you know, the mothers sort of pull me aside and you know talk to me privately about, you know, I never thought my son would come back like this and, you know, make these comments to me.
And so they can be almost in visible as military families?
Yes.
What was the day like when Bo came home?
That was, you know, a wonderful day.
What do you get an overall sense of the mood, the atmosphere amongst people in the service is right now?
Well, I think that -- I think they're uplifted because I think that they know that this administration truly has their back and we're -- they are a number one priority for this administration, to take care of them.
What were Joe's first words when he came through the door?
Gosh, I don't remember.
Is it for moments like that everything seems worth it?
Yes.
Is this true?
Well, part of it is true.
Where was your first date?
We went to Philadelphia to the movies.
Do you remember the film?
No, I don't.
Was he so mesmerizing you didn't even -- didn't look at the screen?
You know, I -- well, you know, I went out with him because -- I actually had another date that night that I canceled and just because I thought he would be interesting to go out with.
Did you really?
Yes, I did.
What are the qualities about Joe Biden that you think make him fit to be vice president of this country?
Well, I think he has a strong character.
Really?
Yes.
I mean do you get the same kind of treatment that other people do, do you think?
You know, a lot of my students don't really realize that I'm second lady because they don't either expect it or maybe they haven't watched the news, I don't know, but I can go whole semesters when somebody will say to me, you know what, I saw you on the TV and you were with Michelle Obama, and I screamed to my mom, look, there's my English teacher.
Do you think there is a lot more to be done now with education?
I do.
What have been the best and worse things of being the vice president's wife in the last few years?
The best things are, I think that I have a platform and I can do so many things just like you mentioned, with one of the best nights was of course --
What's been the worst day so far?
The worst day.
Are you guys ready for the fight that's coming?
Yes.
Final question, what does being an American mean to you?
Being -- I think it means, you know, having traveled around to other countries and I think the aspect of freedom is really important.
What are your thoughts about the State of the Union right now in America?
Well, it's interesting, you know, when we -- in watching the state of the political landscape or the media political landscape -- with the Republican debates.
Do you care about any aspect of a politician's private life?
I think the only great skill that he has is in responding to such things or inflaming such things in attacks on others, so it's really gone into his wheelhouse.
Do you feel proud to be an American right now?
Well, yes, I do, because I have -- I always have had a great belief in the possibility here.
You must have been pleased to see that?
Yes, I mean I think it's a complicated situation.
If he was president and you had Ahmadinejad in Iran, and developing nuclear weapons, was it clear intent this publicly states to obliterate Israel, what would you do as president to stop him?
Look, I always thought that when 9/11 happened that I would have loved to have seen George Bush, let the American people and the world know, this is inexcusable and these people are going to die, and we're going to kill them.
So you're not a pacifist, are you?
No.
It's wrong to characterize you in that way?
Yeah.
Shall we agree, Sean?
I'm right with you.
What have you made of that double pronged phenomenon?
I think that you're seeing the more experienced candidates hanging in and -- and then adopting that kind of fundamentalist position they feel is most sellable now, but that the -- that the candidates that have fallen out were just amateurs among amateurs.
When you hear that, what do you think?
I think the same thing when something happens, whether it was part of the initial campaign commitments of President Obama or maybe something that fell short of that or changed afterwards, that, first, we have to be a country of -- of the people.
Even though you disagree with him on these core issues, do you have more respect for somebody like him, who at least is consistent on his principles, even if you don't agree with him, than somebody like a Mitt Romney, who is a legendary flip-flopper, apparently changing his principled positions for political expediency?
Yes, if he told me -- if Rick Santorum said that here's what I'm going to do, I'd be much more likely to believe him than many others.
But do you have more respect for politicians who at least are true to themselves?
This is again where words get into our conditioning.
Where are they now?
Well, in two years, they've gotten to the point where they were able to, against a lot of odds, select a leadership of the people.
I am going to ask you this again because it still fascinates me, why somebody like you, Oscar winning superstar, not short of a few dollars, has no need to do this, and certainly not the amount of time you spent -- what really motivates you, Sean Penn, to dedicate so much of your time to this cause?
You know, I remember seeing an interview with Paul Newman many years ago, where he was asked, you know, what is it that's kept you in this marriage, in love with Joanne Woodward for all this time.
Ever wake up and think, I wish I was George Clooney?
Sure.
Don't we all?
Well, I do.
He's brilliantly cool, isn't he, under pressure?
Yes.
Any best actress tips?
No, my mother is -- she's an extraordinary actress herself.
So you don't see many movies then?
ENN: No.
Anything?
Yes, I have some things that I'm playing with and some things I will be doing.
But to have the willpower to just say no to all of this stuff, to turn down 15 million dollars offers and so on, I mean, this can't be easy?
Well, I think you're going a little high.
Amid all this, Sean, is there any room for love in your life?
Yes, there is.
Anyone in particular?
Well, I'm madly in love with my daughter and my son.
Did you?
That suggests that maybe --
Nothing you want to talk about?
No.
You want me to get drunk and talk to a peacock?
His movie career.
What could be more, what could more of a preposterous waste of our time than that?
Alec Baldwin, outspoken, unapologetic, and very, very funny.
Do you think he's actually going to start commissioning those kind of dreamy inspirational projects which will get the whole world gasping and all?
Well, I'm hopeful that he will and I'm -- and that hope is based on the notion that presidents, regardless of party, have more flexibility or perceived flexibility in their second term because there is no possibility for re-election.
The question is, can you speak for 10 seconds without alienating your base?
Now the conservative base needs to know that Rick Perry stands with them 110 percent.
I mean, when you see, Alec, when you someone like Arnold Schwarzenegger become governor of California, you must think to yourself, I could do at least as good a job as that?
You'd be reading my mind if you said that.
Has part of you always harbored the possibility that you could one day run for the presidency?
Well, I think that it's something that I used to think about a long, long time ago.
Who do you fancy?
Well, I think that the only thing I can day about that is I have some personal favorites, I have people that were nominated that I was excited about and some that I was -- like anybody -- I was maybe perplexed by, if you will.
I think they should both -- if they were to win best actress and best actor, to me, that just immediately gives the Oscars that kind of heavyweight glamour, you know?
Well, to the extent that the Oscars, I mean, sometimes those votes as you well know even in recent history, they swing in a very wide track.
What was she like?
You know, she is -- Meryl's -- I'm not going to say anything fresh about her or new that hasn't been said by countless other, you know, more formidable, leading men than I'll ever be.
Was it really Tina Fey's fault, Alec?
No, of course not.
Angry?
You know, I was very embarrassed and I was very upset because I thought, you know, first of all, that there were people -- I mean, the joke obviously when I got off the plane was there were four other guys Twittering from their cell phones as I was getting kicked off the plane for using my cell phone.
Would you ever fly American again?
I guess if they gave us -- if they gave us a device on board that we could play Words With Friends while we were flying on the plane with other people on the plane -- play words with friends with other people on board.
What could be more of a preposterous waste of our time than that?
We have got the message loud and clear, Alec, although the trouble was hugely entertaining.
Do you get more or less fun from Twitter than you do from "30 Rock"?
Oh, I get infinitely more fun from "30 Rock" than anything.
This is the perfect woman for you, isn't it?
Well, Yeah, yeah.
I was about to ask you how many times you have been properly in love in your life?
The past is just a blur to me now, Piers.
You have a child?
I just -- my wife gave birth to a little baby girl two months ago.
How long ago?
Two months ago.
Does she sleep well, your child?
She doesn't sleep too badly.
Have I thought about having more kids?
Yes.
I have to ask you this, Alec, because I ask everyone this: outside of children and marriage and so on, what has been the single greatest moment of your life, the moment that if I could relive it for you right now, you would ask to relive it?
There's a few of them.
Why have you decided to face the music?
Well, coming from you, Piers, that means a great deal to me, and I thank you for being so gracious.
And I think a lot of people feel, wow, how could this have happened to them?
Well, I think -- I think you've hit the nail on the head right near there, Piers.
And what -- I suppose what I'm getting at, does it really make sense to you?
I don't know if any of it makes sense, to be quite honest, Piers.
How can you not love somebody?
This is making me even sadder.
Really?
And but I was never made to feel so because they had four kids of their own, and those were the most important years of my childhood, because they -- it was that harmony that I would constantly refer back to, because my life after that, my mother -- my biological mother came to take me when I was four years old, and it was this strange woman who I'd never seen before.
Do you remember that?
Yes, I remember that moment very, very well, because I remember she -- I remember -- I remember screaming all the way home on the bus to Brixton, which is where she was living with her new boyfriend.
Biological father?
Yes, my biological father, he came to take me and I live with him and his new wife, my stepmother, who I love dearly, and that was pretty much when the hell started.
By your father?
Yes.
When you say thrashed, how?
Well, my father used to -- my father used to -- he used to -- there was one point where my father cut up six what must be -- must have been meter-length pieces of twine, something that you hang the curtain up with, and because I'd been suspended from school.
Why should you be, after all this?
Well, when you have kids, you realize that it's not the easiest gig in the world, but, yes, you're absolutely right, for all intents and purposes, I was a child.
Is that one of the reasons why when you get smeared with this volcanic temper thing, it really annoys you, because actually the last thing you would be is like that, because of the way you were brought up?
No, the reason is, is that I don't want my kids to ever see that.
Are they aware of what's happening?
Yes.
You've told them?
Of course we have.
How good was he?
Well, exactly, that's what I had to say.
What is the reality check about Barack Obama?
Well, you mentioned black president.
As you were preparing this album, did you have any concept that that was how this was all going to play out?
No, not at all.
You get the irony of this?
That, in of itself, probably gives you some insight into who I am as a person.
Were you aware when you -- as I say, when you put this together, was it anything to do with what was happening with your life at that moment?
No.
Total coincidence?
No, because we -- we -- I wasn't the only person who picked those songs.
Tell me why you decided, after all this time, to write it?
Well, I had done an interview -- a TV interview in 2009 about John's charity Reaching Up.
How would you describe the relationship, as you saw it develop?
You know, as I saw it develop, they sort of started out -- they had this little camaraderie.
But did she find it tough, do you think, being in the public gaze?
Initially, I think it was very difficult because it was -- once they got married, it somehow amped up.
Have you stayed in touch with the family at all?
I mean, I see Caroline from time to time at events or restaurants or -- it's always really nice to see her.
Do you know how they reacted to the book, the family?
No, I don't.
What do you think he would have been doing?
He certainly talked about running for office at some point.
And what will your lasting memory be of him?
Well, I think, you know, the legacy he left that was unfortunately, "George."
How do you think things have played out since we last spoke?
Well, I feel a lot better tonight than I did after South Carolina, Piers.
Was that the kind of Mitt Romney you've been looking for?
Well, I'm a big fan of Mitt Romney, not because of his combativeness, but because of his intellect and his ability to persuade all kinds of people to get together and get the right answers.
But what does that tell you about the way his campaign is now going?
I think that Newt is going to go all the way to the end, the way he says he's going to go all the way to the end.
And we're already seeing him developing into a much more formidable opponent, I would argue, from the debates last week than he may have been if he'd won South Carolina and already won the nomination?
Look, Mitt Romney's big issue is connecting, is being comfortable in his own skin, is to let people know who he really is.
That's the American way, isn't it?
Finally, he did it.
It's all good fodder for the opposition as well, isn't it?
Well, look, that's what's always said in the primary, Piers.
And Jack, what is the truth about the state of the American economy right now, do you think?
Well, we have a very tepid recovery, but we do have a recovery.
What about this?
It's not all --
So what you're basically saying, Suzy, is that Mitt Romney's inability to sing could become an electoral positive for him?
No.
Why should do you feel that he should pull out?
Piers, let's get this straight.
Is it good for the party if Rick Santorum and Ron Paul continue to the bitter end or should one of them take one for the team fairly soon?
I think it's good if they end up being strong supporters and believers in whoever the winning candidate is.
How did you come across this extra bit of a tape?
We felt the same way.
And this actually the box you found the tape in, right?
This is the box and the tape is in it.
You know, how did we get from A to B?
Let me go to Douglas Brinkley here.
How significant, do you think, these tapes are in terms of suddenly surfacing like this?
Well, it's a fascinating story.
What does that tell you?
Well, that's right.
What is the worth, Douglas, would you say, from an historical important point of view?
Well, you can't write about the Kennedy assassination without grappling with the contents of this tape, meaning the information that's now available on it.
How do you know?
I just saw it on your show.
How do you know he wasn't told to hide it?
Because it wouldn't just be in somebody's box in their estate.
Do you believe in any conspiracy theories?
No.
None of them?
I think it's fun to do.
Isn't it, all the Republican race?
The truth for me is I'm always marketing.
Do you talk about it on your stand-up?
No.
Wasn't -- you mean, years ago, they couldn't say Peter?
No.
Why is that Peter?
I don't know.
Why are you called Howie?
That's old English for Ned.
So here is a guy who has one of the world's most infamous germaphobias, right?
Yes.
Let me -- can I set the record straight?
You can try.
Do you know who he is?
I don't.
He wouldn't get past first go, would he?
But it's great television because it's awkward and uncomfortable.
How are you feeling about Howard Stern replacing me?
You know what, I'll be totally honest, I loved working with you much more than you loved working with me.
Would you like him to?
No, I don't think that's our job.
How many followers do you have?
I don't have a lot of followers, because I can't plug -- @HowieMMandel.
Why would anybody want to follow you?
Because I'm wonderfully entertaining.
Who told you about twitter?
You told me to do it.
Is that why you called me here today?
I would like you to apologize.
For being me?
Say sorry for being so annoying.
But what happens to the 30 million people without jobs?
We have to -- and this is -- I don't know.
Really?
You can do serious.
What's your overview?
It's a big night for Mitt Romney.
So how significant is Romney's position right now?
Well, look.
What went wrong with Gingrich this week, do you think?
Well, it's interesting because I don't think Newt Gingrich could decide who he was or what he was.
Wolf?
I'm a Buffalo Bills fan.
Gloria?
All right.
All right?
And John, I know your allegiance.
Are you surprised that he's now beginning to beat his chest a bit?
I'm not surprised at all.
He's going to throw the kitchen sink at him, isn't he?
Well, it sure looks like it.
Are you going to stop baring your teeth in more places?
Now, Piers.
Have you had a word with him?
I thought it was fantastic.
What is the big challenge for Mitt Romney, do you think?
I think for Mitt it's just to continue to put himself out there, continue to show that he's got a plan to get America moving forward.
On a human level, how do you as his daughters feel about the bombardment that's coming his way?
Well, it's never actually fun to experience that.
Does that help the Republican Party?
USHMAN: I think part of the process of the primary is to go through this and to go through all the different things you'll see in the general election.
I mean little bit graceless, wouldn't you think?
I'm not really sure I'd say that as graceless.
Governor, why do you think Mitt Romney has such a thumping victory tonight?
It was a big night for Florida.
Suddenly this huge turnaround and it seems to be based around Mitt Romney's better performances in the debates and this relentless negativity of the campaign, which I'll come to in a moment, but why Mitt Romney -- why is he being seen as the savior economically, do you think?
COTT: I think -- I think what Floridians looked at is they look at he's a business guy.
Wouldn't it be better for the party to have at least some positivity creeping in here?
You know I think when people go to the polls, here's what they say.
I mean, if Floridians believe that the president is actually turning around the situation, that's good for him, isn't it?
Absolutely.
Are you prepared to back Mr. Romney?
I'm going to -- I'm going to support the Republican nominee.
He really needs a bit of more this, I think, and momentum will take him to nomination, isn't it?
Well, I mean, you know, a lot of wags are saying -- Senator Rubio said that if he wins Florida he wins the nomination.
I think the big question for a lot of the GOP and Republican establishment so to speak is, can Newt still do damage to Mitt Romney even if Mitt Romney gets the nomination?
ORGAN: Look, Catherine, let me ask you.
Isn't it -- you know, aren't we in the position here where the longer this goes on, it's better for Mitt Romney if he's the one that wins to have this bruising encounter with Gingrich on months on end?
Well, I think there could be a fine line.
The phenomenal Tea Party bursting on to scene and then disappearing almost as fast?
Well, it hasn't disappeared whatsoever.
You know what do you think of the other two candidates?
Well, some watchers, you know, they're speculating that perhaps Rick Santorum is staying in in the hopes of being VP on a Romney ticket.
I wouldn't rule out Newt Gingrich making yet another comeback, would you?
But Newt -- I've been covering Newt Gingrich since the late '80s.
If the economy continues to improve right up to November, he's going to hit a homerun, isn't he?
Well, that's a big if.
Would you -- would you agree with that?
I think it all boils down to electability, Piers.
Has Mitt Romney now made that sort of tipping point move, do you think, to where he's a genuine frontrunner?
Absolutely.
Who, if you're -- if you're Obama, who do you least want to take on?
Probably Romney.
Santorum and Paul, where are they in this?
Well, I mean, Paul wasn't really competing in Florida.
Does it make him -- no, but does it make him a valuable tool to whoever wants to be the nominee?
Well, if he has -- if he has a lot of delegates in the end and if he has a lot of public support, I mean, the nominee is going to want every single former opponent, you know, to line up behind him.
Santorum?
Santorum I think tries to stay in it for awhile because there's clearly this bloc of voters who don't want Romney, who are more conservative.
Barack Obama or Mitt Romney?
Suddenly I feel like I'm Christina Aguilera on the "Voice" or something.
Why would anybody in the modern age really want to be the president given the unbearable workload, stress, the attention?
I mean, yes, we're talking about -- I can't imagine, it is, you know, we should say this from time to time because we all spend so much time tearing apart the candidates and, you know, in being justly critical of them.
But actually you've got -- as you say, you've got to really want this, haven't you?
Yes, yes.
By the way, why are you in so much debt?
The bottom line.
Whatever came afterwards, whatever context he was trying to put it in, it sounded bad, didn't it?
It sounded bad and it all sounded I hate to say very naive.
Do you think they have gotten away with it in many ways?
I think many bankers have got away with it, but I think many of the executives on wall street have got away with it as well which is why the CFP, the consumer financial protection bureau that President Obama put into place.
Do you think America is now coming out of the recession?
No.
So, why get them back?
I mean, to me, it's very worrying.
This is serious stuff, isn't it?
It's serious but it's been serious.
The country as a business?
Well, the country as a business isn't running like a good business.
Do you think, as many do, that America needs to go back to building things rather than consuming?
I think they do need to go back to building things.
Why is it the way?
It's the way because it got so expensive to hire a laborer here with the insurance, with everything, we couldn't afford it.
They should be looking after their own country, shouldn't they?
But, in their way, they are.
When you graduate college, if you had 20, 30, $40,000 as student loan debt, how would that make you feel?
It would make me feel awful.
Suze, what do you do then?
He should go to the college that gives him 100 percent scholarship.
Suze, the problem is not specific comparison, people will get a better education at a private school right now than they would from a non-thief main school in America, wouldn't it?
They would.
Got it people?
That's a good answer.
Is that true?
Yes.
What kind of advice would you give them?
They are nervous about that kind of commitment because they don't have 20 percent down.
That's gone, isn't it?
That's gone for now.
Isn't that a better way of looking at this?
No.
That has change, isn't it?
Yes.
Are you ready for it?
Yes.
Did you just say helping your siblings with a wedding is more of a priority for you over getting out of credit card debt or saving money for your own retirement?
It's not more of a priority, but --
Do I have to say?
Yes, ma'am.
At what interest rate?
If I average everything out, it's probably around like 15 percent.
What were they doing?
Shopping.
It's like you have to be personally responsible, haven't you?
There's a saying that I have, when you feel less than, you spend more than.
Given all the attacks that have come on you, is there anything you will change about the card?
Yes, there will be one thing I change about the card.
What were you thinking?
Well, I was trying, deny, deny, deny.
We should be saluting him, shouldn't we?
I think we should be saluting him.
Natalie?
Hi Piers.
What is our problem?
RMAN: You live in New York City.
What are things that most people are wasteful about, do you think?
Almost everything.
What are the most common ways people waste money?
Well, I personally would tell you weddings.
Isn't it worse to do that than stay at home and make love with each other?
-- too much of my life.
But do you feel at times like your spirit is broken, because nobody is listening to you?
I want to rally the troops, you see.
About 3,000?
Yes.
Oh, how did I know that?
That was really good.
Now, so how much credit card dent do you have?
I was afraid you were going to ask me that.
Fifteen, 20?
About that.
Did I impress you again?
This is now getting very, very unusual.
If I could relive a moment for you, what would it be?
You know, I have had so many.
Really?
The luckiest thing that has ever happened to me, the greatest thing that has happened to me is KT.
Because all the money in the world, actually, if you don't have love in your life, is pointless, isn't it?
So that's the greatest thing.
The other signature question of mine, of course, is how many times, Suze, have you been properly in love?
One.
GOP pick?
Romney.
The man who brought you this?
"TV Guide" gave out an award several years ago to the 50 worst shows in the history of television.
How is she doing?
She came home from the hospital this morning and she is doing just terrific and I want to thank you and everybody out there for all their prayers.
So if you were the president in the time span we're looking at, the next three or four months, and you have the intelligence that suggested that Iran was at the point of enriching uranium that they needed to get to a nuclear capacity here, and you heard the Israeli would definitely going to go in with strikes, would you sanction American military strikes as well at the same time?
The first thing I'd be doing is giving a speech similar to Reagan's evil empire speech.
Are you -- are you feeling a bit threatened there that the president has become all religious suddenly?
Well, you know, look, it was at a National Prayer Breakfast, that's if you're going to -- a president is going to become all religious, that's a good place to become all religious.
Are you -- are you cynical when you hear that, the people say, I pray all the time and I'm on my knees every morning, but I don't actually go to church?
You know, everybody practices their faith in a way that is comfortable for them.
How did you feel when you saw the Trumpster giving his endorsement?
I'm glad he gave it to him, not me.
What are your expectations in Nevada?
Yes.
And finally one word answer please, Giants or Patriots?
Neither.
Jerry won't read them because he's not on Twitter, right?
Right.
The separate part becomes a little blurred, doesn't it?
OK.
He doesn't really care, does he?
It's not --
What is the Obama mantra for America, do you think?
I don't think it's a bumper sticker so I don't think it's one slogan.
Well, you get too touch about it?
No, that's -- I should just tell you that was exactly 30 years ago yesterday.
Was it really?
That I announced for governor, yes, back in '82, February 1st.
In all your -- in all your experience, is this any nastier, the Republican race, than every other Republican-Democrat nominee race for presidential election?
Not particularly nastier, we have now obviously the 24/7 coverage and so much more money spent on advertising that the commercials are so much rougher.
And that's to the detriment of the country, isn't it?
Yes - -
I mean, all this -- I mean, why would any young person have respect for our institutions when all our leaders do is disparage anyone that decides to get involved?
Also, I mean, if you look at the way that America has tried to go around the world showing off the virtues of a fair and free democratic political system, it doesn't say a lot for that fair and free democratic system if people look at Washington and see this paralysis because they all hate each other so much.
When you watch these scenes -- be honest, Jerry -- do you ever wish you had stayed in politics?
Well, I mean, every day I -- I mean I love these political things.
But shouldn't be an absolutely number one priority for whoever wins the election in November, education, education, education?
Yes.
It really is time -- never mind the world, which is what the book is obviously aimed at, that American leaders collaborated, isn't it?
Actually, if you want an example of failure to collaborate, all you want to do is look at the U.S. Congress, in terms of the fiasco that that body has become.
And from a police point of view, how concerned would you be if you were running one of these major cities right now, about some kind of pre- emptive attack from Iran or a retaliatory attack on the people of Los Angeles, Boston or New York?
Well, I think the most significant comments are coming from the Israelis, the head of Israeli intelligence, who is clearly indicating they believe that it's not a two-year period of time we're talking about, as Mr. Panetta has indicted, but realistically one year.
How far do you go in allowing them to express that freedom and right to protest, particularly where they have public support, and where they cross the line and you have to come down firmly?
Well, looking at the recent Occupy Wall Street movement, the movement of police against those activities, the encampments or the demonstrations or the marches, we firs rely on political decisions to be made by mayors, by governors, who, in effect, authorize us to take action.
How do you feel about that analogy?
I have no idea how to respond to that.
Do you genuinely believe you could become the nominee?
Yes.
I suppose what I would say to you about is it can be a stick to beat you with in the sense that if you never change your mind about anything, is that in itself healthy?
Time and history help change your views.
Do you have a regime on the campaign?
Yes, and it gets interrupted sometimes in the campaign.
So, what do you do exercise-wise when you have time?
OK.
I mean, do you have a strict regime on that?
Not overly strict.
And if the answer is no, is that one of the fundamental problems that the work ethic has evolved over the years?
I think that's a big issue.
Was that basically how you feel?
Yes, but it's a lot more compassionate than the way, you know, it might sound.
Is it, though?
Yes, really because if you see the extent of total socialism, it's not very compassionate.
What is wrong with that as a principle, an ambition to aspire to?
Well, I think the basic principle is wrong in that you don't have a right to somebody else's life or money.
What do they do?
Well --
Under your presidency, what would they do to get health care?
You have to understand the difference between interventionist economy and a socialist economy.
Or how would you summarize your feelings?
I wouldn't give him too much credit.
Can I answer that?
Well, let me read you this quote.
Isn't it a better thing that the more credible position for Republicans to say, is to say, I am encouraged by this, but he should have gone further?
To me, it's more important to admit the truth.
And it just sounded awful, that, didn't it, for somebody aiming to be president to talk about the poor in that way?
Yes.
Would they be yours?
If that's your number one priority, if you listen to what I have been talking about and understood free market economics, you would say the most important thing you can do is give them a sound currency, limited government, free markets, contract rights.
What is wrong with that?
Well, let him pay.
What is wrong with having a tax system which just taxes people like him more?
It destroys the economy if you just --
-- you got to have a president who prioritizes the poor, haven't you?
OK.
Even if it works?
Oh, especially if it works.
How many of them do you believe were justified?
Well, justified plus legal --
But how many of the major conflicts have been legitimate?
Well, from a constitutional viewpoint I don't want to fight any wars that aren't declared.
Do you support the conflict in Afghanistan?
I did, but that's to go after only those responsible for 9/11.
But it was war, wasn't it?
To go after al Qaeda, it was like going after criminals.
Was it constitutional?
Yes, to a degree because it was limited.
Wouldn't they?
There is no evidence to that.
If Iran was to strike back at Israel, what would you do?
Well, I go and look to the rules.
If you believe Iran had enough enriched uranium to genuinely launch a nuclear attack against Israel, would that knowledge alone mean you would countenance military action?
Well, the one thing that we should set aside is there's our CIA and the Mossad.
You wouldn't ever countenance any preemptive strike?
No, not really.
If you were president of the Second World War, and you had been given knowledge the Japanese were planning Pearl Harbor, you would have preemptively struck, wouldn't you?
Well, let me touch your first subject first.
You're not seriously defending Ahmadinejad, are you?
I'm trying to defend honesty.
I come back to that question I put to you: if you had knowledge and you were president when Pearl Harbor happened, if you had pre-knowledge of that happening, would you have attacked?
Imminent attack -- if we're sitting here and we see the planes come over, obviously, yes.
Why?
Because I think that they would, if they could, consider attacking Israel.
But aren't there times when you have to be the policeman of the world?
No.
Really?
It is not.
What's your honest opinion about gay marriage?
I -- I am totally neutral on the cause of liberty when people want to be married and call it a marriage, it's none of my business.
But you witnessed this?
Yes.
I walked out of the room and thought, wow, what did I just see?
But that clearly scarred you.
But if they were, would you honestly look at them in the eye and say they had to have that child if they were impregnated?
No.
You would allow them to abort the baby?
It is absolutely in limbo, because an hour after intercourse or a day afterwards, there is no legal or medical problem.
Life doesn't begin at conception?
Life does begin at conception.
Finally on this point, do you accept there is a slight contradiction between a candidate who is pro liberty, pro personal choice, pro personal responsibility in almost every other area, but on the specific area says no, you don't have choice?
See, I don't see the inconsistency because I see the nine- pound baby that's still within the mother as deserving some protection, too.
How many grandchildren?
Eighteen.
How many great grandchildren?
Five.
What's the secret to a long lasting marriage, do you think?
I think a lot is respect and acceptance of both of our shortcomings.
If Carol was here, what would she say your shortcomings are?
She'd probably be pretty generous, you know.
If you were being self- critical?
Well, I can get upset.
Were you a spanker when you were young?
No, not really.
Do you believe parents should still have that right to give their kids a little tap?
Oh, yeah, as long as they're not practicing severe child abuse.
We discussed hard work, but what else?
I think it's hard work.
Or do you think that's what the American dream, at its purest, is about?
I think it is.
Giants or Patriots, Super Bowl?
Super Bowl, haven't paid much attention to it.
How important is it that you perform well in Nevada?
I think it's very important.
ORGAN: But Nothing will stop you before the convention?
I'm not thinking in those terms because I'm thinking in campaigning where the next stop is.
Or are you implacably opposed to doing that just on principle?
Well, it would be a real challenge, but I think people change their minds.
What does it feel like to start with one person and then slowly start to build the organization?
I found that if you have a good idea and you do it with love, a lot of people want to help you.
What was your sister's name?
IM: Her name is Christine.
What kind of an impact do you think this will have?
The clinic we have in Achei, in the tsunami zone, that one is really safe.
I mean, in those dark days when -- when you don't have money and when you don't have support?
Some days I don't have money, but I always have support.
Giants or Patriots, Wolf?
I'm a Buffalo Bills fan.
Gloria?
All right, I'm standing next to John King, OK, so I have to say the Patriots.
Giants or Patriots?
Neither.
I take it you enjoyed the Super Bowl yesterday?
Yes, well, of course, I'm a Giants fan, being a New Yorker.
Who do you think is going to win as things stand?
Well, if you want to keep using that analogy to a fairly well, of course, Obama is sort of a New Yorker because he did time at Columbia.
Do you see any other of the Republican candidates seriously threatening Romney at this stage?
Yes.
What's the real man like?
You know, according to all accounts, including people who are essentially friendly to him, he is a very reserved guy, whose main passions are his family and his Mormon faith, in which he's been very active not just as a parishioner but as a leader and lay official.
What do you think as an overview about America's foreign policy going forward?
Well, I think that Obama has been a very good steward and done all the things you said and managed the Libya situation, which he took a lot of heat from both the left and the right, quite well.
I mean this election will be fought and won or lost on jobs and the economy, won't it?
Absolutely.
And final question, Frank, I men do you think that if Barack Obama wins the election, that if he gets to that point, he will be a better president in the second term than he's been in the first term?
Yes, I do.
What was your reaction when you heard about what had happened?
I just hoped that it was an awful rumor.
Have you ever had any doubt that Josh Powell was responsible for Susan's death?
I had no doubt whatsoever but I don't believe he acted alone.
You think there's somebody else out there that was an accomplice?
I do, because I know Josh and I know that he likes to make big grandiose plans and talk big but it always takes somebody else pushing him to carry things out.
And how do you feel about the fact that these boys, through a court ruling, had to be returned to him, given his obviously very confused state of mind?
I'm upset and I'm angry.
Or was there any sign that something awful would happen?
When they first moved to Utah about five years before she disappeared, they were pretty affectionate, they were still a kind of -- in the newlywed stage.
He started to talk more and more to his father, Steve Powell, on the phone and to get more antagonist stick and controlling towards Susan?
And there was this bizarre twist where the father-in-law began to make all these claims about Susan being flirtatious with him and so on.
What did you think when you heard all that?
I already knew it all because Susan had already told me many times over the years all about the fact that her father tried to hit on her, that he was obsessed with her, and that he was in love with her, that she couldn't stand him and that they moved to Utah to get away with him -- get away from him.
Do you think we ever will?
I do think so.
What is the mood in the community?
Everyone is in shock.
What's been his reaction to this shocking turn of events?
He and Josh were pretty good friends up until about a year or two before Susan disappeared.
Have you had any contact with the family?
I called Susan's father yesterday after a reporter told me what had happened or rumors what had happened.
Is that right?
Yes.
You are a Parisian?
Yes.
From France?
Yes.
How are you feeling?
I'm feeling quite good.
Is Hollywood stampeding to your door?
No.
It doesn't get bigger, does it?
You know, I'm -- I'm OK.
Have you prepared an Oscar winning speech?
Not yet.
But what happens when a film becomes this huge, massive hit and you're all starting to think you may win an Oscar?
No.
You want to win, though, right?
I really want to win, of course.
But when you first heard from Michel, I've got a great idea, I'm going to put you in a silent film -- be honest, what was your reaction?
I have to be honest, I said, great.
Now, on the subject of love, one of my favorite questions I ask most of my guests -- and it's very appropriate in your case -- is how many times have you been properly in love in your life?
Uhmm --
Properly?
Let's just use your analogy, when the arrow goes into the heart.
To Michel?
Yes.
The love of your life?
He's definitely the man of my life, yes.
What makes him so special?
He's very smart and he doesn't take him seriously and that's all I love about him.
The dog?
EJO: Yes.
Why?
He doesn't really -- he's not a huge fan of dogs.
So you make him have this dog that he just doesn't like?
I mean, he loves the dog in the movie and he loves the character of the dog.
So you've put this poor guy through hell?
Yes, poor guy.
I mean, this is a bit of a downward grade here, isn't it?
No, actually, it's the completion of a circle, because the first film I ever did was "Murder By Death" and I played a chauffeur.
Do you turn to your agent and manager and go, am I going crazy here?
No, because, actually, when you hear what it is, a silent movie, black and white, an unknown director, to us, two unknown French actors and you say, well, that sounds like a stupid idea.
Well, he saw the magic, didn't he?
Yes, sure he did.
But for you, when you saw that narrative, how did it make you feel?
I mean, certainly, yes, I could relate to it a bit.
So he's a really offensive dog, as well?
I mean, he's -- he's a big black no -- no especially elegant with a --
ORGAN: -- what about me asking you the same question I asked your wife, which is how many times have you been properly in love?
Never.
-- fall in love about every week, don't they?
She's really the -- the -- the -- the lead actress of my -- of my life.
Is it -- is it, in realism, going to actually produce a new birth to silent films or not?
I wouldn't think so.
No?
But I would do another silent film if Michel directed it.
Really?
Yes, because this silent film works because of his vision and his conception and his artistry, his mastery, his humanity.
Are you really, as a party, any nearer to knowing who will be the nominee?
No.
Could this all be over by April or is it more likely, given what's been going on state by state so far, that this will run all the way to the convention?
I tend to think it'll be over before it goes to the convention but I can't prove that arithmetically.
From a betting point of view, where do you think this is all heading?
It's hard to say because every time you have one piece of conventional wisdom it's right for about a week and then wrong the next week, and flips back to being right again.
Or is there something else going on?
I certainly hope it's not the Mormon thing.
But what is your sense about the apparent atrocity unfurling there?
Well, we have a government that seems to be, in effect, devouring its own people.
What should America be doing?
Yes, I wish I could say that some of our followers, you know, produced the magic solution.
What is the answer to how America should deal with their game?
Well, what we're seeing happen over Syria is really a kind of new alignment.
Will journalists got to get into Syria, do you think?
No.
What do you think about the situation involving the media there?
Well, I mean, it's really hard to galvanize the international community to care about a crisis when you don't have a lot of footage coming in over television screens.
It's not how do we fix this broken horror story, isn't it?
Well, I would say the thing to do is to keep us strong.
What do you think has gone wrong and what should he be doing now to fix it?
Well, let me say this.
What do you think is the biggest misconception about Mitt Romney?
I don't know.
And you believe he can bring that kind of business skill to America incorporated?
You bet.
Created?
Let's discuss that after the break.
Was it fair?
I think it was quite good.
Did he?
"Good afternoon."
You mean my daughter?
I mean Brangelina.
Is it weird to see how famous she's become?
OIGHT: Well, it's -- yes, it's a very unusual thing.
It has been a rocky road, isn't it?
Famously.
What's the most sensible advice that you as a former Oscar winner can give her?
Well, you know, I did the best I could to try to give her advice.
Was that an unfair thing to infer?
Well, I think that -- I think I'm a better person.
What have you learned about yourself?
This is turning into a Piers Morgan --
Do you find it uncomfortable talking about yourself like that?
Well, it's not important.
How are you?
I'm great, but I'm feeling a little uncomfortable because I was going to tell the same story that Jon Voight just told.
You're quite an active little Tweeter, aren't you?
I do like to Tweet, my friend.
Do you find it's like taking over your life slightly?
It is addictive.
Where is your money?
I think Obama.
Do you think any of them, even if they do win the nomination race, could actually beat Barack Obama, especially if the economy goes on improving the way that it is?
I find it fascinating, Piers, that you are having me on the show to really talk seriously about politics.
You're a Democrat, right?
Well, I'm -- yes, I am.
You're married to a Democrat?
I'm married to somebody who is not a Republican or a Democrat.
He's not a Democrat?
Well, he doesn't say.
Really?
Yeah.
What are you trying to get out of me?
I don't know, some lurid revelation that's going to --
Are you trying to get me divorced?
Why did you -- I love this book.
And why did you go for this cover?
Well, two excellent questions.
Didn't you once get into a bathing suit with Henry Kissinger?
Yes, I did.
Who sets you up on this?
I was at a party.
Probably a tendency to get on desks and come raging towards you like a hungry hyena?
Only for television I do that.
What's that all about?
Well, I am.
How does Chelsea know?
It's how I say hello.
Would you mind if we do this in the studio next time, then?
Well, I was hoping you would ask me.
Tell me one good reason why people should buy this book?
Because it will make you laugh.
Is that really true, or is this like every other presidential race?
No, this is not like every other presidential race.
Which side do you sit on?
Well, this is true that Barack Obama has been much more cautious, much more willing to compromise and cut what seemed to be his principles.
But this has been such a topsy-turvy nomination process on the Republican side that who knows how it's going to turn out?
And I think there's something about Rick Santorum's demeanor at the moment that makes me think, having interviewed him a few times now, he believes he's got a chance, and the reason, I think, is that he suspects that the party isn't as in love with Mitt Romney as it should be, and that they are looking really for a more traditional conservative and the religious aspect, I think, is significant, too.
What do you think America should be doing right now about this?
Well, it's a real Rubik's cube that what I think America should be doing, not that anybody should care, is, one, it should be increasing the pressure at all ways and anyways possible for diplomatic pressure, for sanctions, for the freezing of assets, the banning of travel, and making it so far as possible Syria an international pariah.
What should America do in relation to those two countries and the position they've taken?
Well, two different countries, Russia and China.
What do you make of what is happening in relation to the first lady popping up now and offering her support in this way?
It seems incongruous, Piers, and off the mark and the statement doesn't make much sense.
When you interviewed her, but when you interviewed her, what sense did you get about her as a woman and her place in the Syrian hierarchy?
What was most interesting is that she was born in Acton.
What was your take on him personally?
What was kind of an inadvertent because I didn't really want to do the piece in the first place because I didn't really want to meet the Assads or go to Syria but when I went she said that she was going to cook lunch for me.
Do you think the Assads can just bat this will out or do you believe that international pressure in the end will lead to them being overthrown?
You know, I'm not a political journalist.
What is it that you want to bring to the political system that maybe isn't there at the moment in enough quantity?
Well, I really feel very strongly that the tone of our political discourse has gotten way out of control.
What advice has Gabby Giffords given you about the challenge now facing you in a potential election?
I have just lost my microphone or earpiece.
How much of that is really him?
I think that also comes from a place of honesty.
Be honest, have you ever had a word with him about his hair?
No, I haven't.
Too many other people have, you know?
I quite like it.
So you think Bieber's basically taking the Donald look?
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
Are you seeing the same green chutes that others are beginning to see?
I think now, for us, it's a really exciting time, because now we're really looking at the opportunity to buy assets, to buy assets that in many cases, you know, could use a lot of enhancements, that were half built.
Are you as looking forward to another four years of Barack Obama, as your father clearly is?
Let's hope not.
Are you a die hard Republican?
I am -- I am vehemently against most of Obama's policies.
Do you guys have a goal in terms of fund-raising?
NIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah, we do.
You know?
At least five.
But for you, who has this incredible business going everywhere else, how often do you think, I really want to be in Dubai now?
You know, it's interesting.
Now how is motherhood going?
It's incredible.
Where is the Ivanka Trump video for how to get back in shape after a baby coming out?
I thought you were going to ask about a line of baby apparel.
But are you enjoying it?
RUMP: I love it.
How is Grandfather Donald getting on?
-- so much fun.
No diaper changing, right?
Zero.
Really?
Which is shocking, because he's very hands on.
How did I know this would come back to haunt me?
I loved that moment.
And have you seen (INAUDIBLE)?
Well, sometimes if I have enough energy to.
Does he feel that the emotions can all be kept in check?
Well, I don't want to speak for the president about Rick Santorum's comment.
Finally, as we look at the forthcoming election and the battle hotting up, what do you identify now, given you're so closely involved with this campaign -- is there a slight credibility issue with his dramatic U-turn on the super PACs?
Credibility issue -- no.
ORGAN: And let me just say that when the president is on the record of saying that these PACs are a threat to democracy, how can he have the brass neck to now support them?
Exactly what I said.
Is that how we are leaving things?
No.
That ruins it a little bit, doesn't it?
No you were christened James Todd Smith.
What is -- what is a respectful way?
I think Todd works just fine.
How are you feeling about the Grammy's?
I feel great.
Let's be honest -- winnings better than losing, right?
Without a doubt.
And I think just on a worldwide level, no democracy, you know, no democratic, you know, government is like just doling out all of the state secrets and all of the various nuances and dynamics that effect the decision making that goes on in the inner sanctum, you know?
Well let -- let me ask you a difficult question.
Is America still the country of that opportunity do you think?
Of course it is.
I'm an Independent, you know?
What do -- by my mantra recently on the show --
How do we keep America great?
I think in order to keep America great, we have to keep America creative.
And when you talk to people in that position, what do you say to them to inspire them?
Look at me.
When you look back, what was it about you that allowed you to get out of that trap?
Well, there was this woman, her name was Ellen Griffith, and that was my grandmother and, you know, may she rest in peace.
What do you do if you have no one?
You have to look at all the people in the world that are successful and you have synthesize all of those positions, those people, those goals they achieved, the things they did, the heroic moments.
You know someone in Belgium?
Before I got stuck with you, Sam Handle (ph) was an international brand.
Yes, right, kind of like guys who have one letter of the alphabet for a first name?
Five years to the day.
What would you do?
That's harsh.
Chris Brown, Cold Play, Rihanna, Bruce Springsteen -- who do you get excited by?
You know, I've got to tell you, you know, I grew up --
What have you learned about yourself through that process?
Eat your soup, let her talk.
Did you pick up on Jennifer then?
I did.
And you are living, walking proof that these shows, which often get derided by critics, really can actually produce world class stars, can't they?
I think so.
What were you thinking?
You know, I had that little moment right there, very briefly.
What was the moment for you when you realized that you were going to make it?
Wow.
Could you feel it?
Now that I didn't know.
What was the moment when you knew it was going to be a smash and you and your career were never going to look back?
Ooh, goodness.
Do you sing like that in the bath?
Sometimes if I have enough energy to.
Where does this lady rank?
She really ranks right up there.
What is like being Jennifer Hudson, with all of this nonsense being written about you?
You know -- well, I try not to pay much attention to it, because you will go bonkers.
Because that's what has always impressed me about you, is this inner strength that you have?
First of all, I have to give credit to God and also my upbringing.
Impending marriage?
Definitely, definitely, every day.
What are the core values you think you got from your mother and your grandmother that you can take forward?
Oh my goodness, again, my faith in God, you know, family.
Does he know this?
Yes.
What is the thinking behind it?
It started the year I started Arista Records.
Tantalize me?
I will tell you the show will open with Tony Bennett.
Greatest living crooner?
You know, I would say.
Here is a question for you, and I have always wondered what your answer would be, if I could only allow you to listen to one song for the rest of your life, on repeat, what would it be?
First of all, it would be very painful, to listen to one song.
When you look at what's happening with America now, what do you think the answer is to get America fired up again?
I think it's going to have to be, A, an improved campaign.
What do we think we know?
There are a lot of rumors flying around.
Do you have any update on how she is?
She's fine, and that's -- it's according to family members and according to reports.
And just one more thing, Piers, I want to tell you about, those photographs, you know, the club that you -- that you've been talking about and we've been reporting on, this new nightclub?
Yes.
How do you feel about the fact you did the last interview with Whitney?
Piers, it's -- I am still in shock.
You do?
Yes.
He's the producer?
Yes, that's right.
Why did you feel that?
Well, it's as though -- as much as I am spiritual and do celebrate death to some extent, you know, I celebrate -- I look at it more as like a graduation, out of the flesh into spirit, and then freeing one up.
As one of her close friends, how do you feel about what was being allowed to happen to her?
OK.
Was she very vulnerable, do you think, Whitney?
Yes.
Even to the end to that kind of situation?
I am.
What do you think?
Well, it's all of the above and a whole lot more.
Would she have gone down that route, do you think, without Bobby Brown in her life?
Well, if not him, somebody else.
And do you think she had that tendency anyway?
I think that we all as artist, because we're highly sensitive people, and this machine around us, this so-called music industry, is such a demonic thing.
Have you been through that process?
Yes.
What is it like?
It -- let me tell you, I had polyps on my throat from like smoking, drinking and things like that.
What do you think that did to her?
It killed her.
That must have been agony for her that she couldn't?
It was.
Were you surprised or has this been the kind of news that many of her friends have long feared may suddenly be brought upon then?
I have to be honest with you and say, that there were -- with my life, it's just as not as well publicized as with her life, there are a lot of parallels, where I'm sure my family thought like her family thought and I thought, oh, my god, I mean, I've cried for her a lot over the years, so many times.
Would she listen -- would she listen to people?
Yes.
And what was her defense really of her actions?
HAN: She had no defense.
How is she?
She's coping, she's coping.
What did you feel about that?
I thought that was complete insanity.
What is your abiding memory of Whitney Houston?
They're all really good ones.
What do you think has been the biggest misconception about Whitney that you have heard or read in the last 36 hours?
I would say being in the studio with Whitney Houston and meeting her for the first time, what I want people to concentrate on is her natural warmth for humanity.
In terms of the issues that she had to deal with, how much of an impact do you think that had on her natural talent?
I think for me, being in the studio with her and understanding the stress we artists go through at times -- it's not the first time in history that -- you know, where we feel the pressure.
How would you like her as an artist to be remembered?
I would like her to be remembered -- me and Whitney, beyond music, I think what we share, my father is a preacher.
Would you go along with that?
What I would say is the Whitney that I know and being in the studio with her, what I want we to understand as human beings is that we are human, and we are quick to judge.
What are your feelings?
Well, it's still so hard for all of us to believe.
Is that true?
Well, I -- I can say this, that we were all around a lot of drugs and that she had -- I hate to say that she had started before she had met Bobby Brown.
That's the sadness here, isn't it?
It is.
What was it like in reality?
In reality, she was very busy, extremely busy, having to go here, having to go there, especially in the hey-day when so much was happening.
Do you think that the pressure of being Whitney Houston just became too much?
I think it's intense.
When you heard she died, what was your emotion?
I was in a bathtub, way up in northern California, place called Gualala (ph), and on a little transistor radio they said that Whitney had died.
Do you feel it's a wasted life or do you feel it was a short but brilliant life?
Short but brilliant.
Did you really?
Yes, I did.
Plus was Whitney's fame simply too much for her to bear?
Fame in itself is an addictive drug and also fame creates an image which you cannot live up to.
What did he tell you?
I did, Piers.
Another thing that he wanted to talk about that I asked him about, you know, that whole thing, Piers, about Mickey Fine, the pharmacist that was involved with the Michael Jackson case?
Yes.
What do you know about that?
EMON: Yes.
What were you reacting to?
Fans being robbed.
Do you think there is any duty if you have a star of the magnitude of a Whitney Houston to give the fans something though?
I mean that's -- I mean she gave the fans something, she gave them her amazing music, her amazing voice through her records that will be there forever, the best performances of all time.
When did you hear the news of Whitney's death?
I heard it Saturday.
What do you think -- knowing her as you do, what do you think?
You know, I wasn't around her all the time.
How did she seem to you, Whitney?
I mean, you know, when I've seen her, she's always really a very up person, she's so full of life.
I'm sorry?
Is it right to apportion any blame or do you think --
And Chaka Khan -- could you imagine that she just would instinctively rail against anyone that tried to tell her what to do?
You know I have a feeling that she did what she wanted to do, you know, in working with her.
What did you feel?
You know, it wasn't -- I mean, it was weird, yes.
What do you think?
HOPRA: It's a very complex issue, Piers.
I mean when they become fabulously famous, rich, successful, and they start getting into this whole drug scene, illegal and legal, do you see a change in them?
So I don't see a lot of -- I don't usually hang out with a lot of the artists I work with, so I don't see a lot of that.
How do you treat an addiction to fame?
You have to realize, first of all, that fame actually causes the same brain chemical changes as a drug does.
How is she doing?
Piers, I'm not at liberty to talk about that right now.
When you worked with her, were you aware of all these struggles she was going through?
I think that any singer that sings as amazing as she sung, when you have a certain pain that you can touch people, that you're carrying a pain with you.
What went wrong?
She obviously led a very tortured life.
But her instinctive reaction would be to rail against whatever you wanted?
To take some direction, but, you know, you can't have conversations with people when they're stars about certain things.
What do you think?
I think she was vulnerable.
How did she react to that afterwards?
We talked about it later, when -- the first time I visited her at her house.
She had -- how good was her voice at its best?
Better than anybody on the planet.
Literally?
For me.
Has there ever been a better recording voice?
I always say she was the best singer ever.
Do you know how she felt about it?
Didn't really talk about it.
Was it just like the unmentionable?
You just made a record.
Should it be something that we focus on really, or should we celebrate -- and I sort of instinctively am beginning to feel should we focus more on these incredible songs she sang?
I think so.
What is your overview on what's going on here?
Unfortunately, Iran is running terror against Israel for many, many years.
Would Israel go alone?
HALOM: Israel is trying to stop the military program of Iran for years.
Has it become a problem for you?
Every one of us, it doesn't matter if you're Israelis, Americans, Europeans, we are in favor of those people that are asking for freedom, for human rights, for liberty.
Can it take him all the way?
As president of the United States, I'll have your back.
What does he say about ads like this?
Mitt Romney's ugly attacks are going to backfire.
Because a lot rests on that, I would imagine, in terms of where the investigation goes, in terms of which doctor she was seeing, which prescriptions, what drugs she was actually taking?
Yes.
That the drugs that they found in her hotel room should not be mixed with alcohol, right?
Absolutely.
Is it unique to Los Angeles and the way that that is allowed to happen?
TEINBERG: I don't think it's unique to Los Angeles.
Would it be negligent for a doctor to prescribe Whitney Houston with the kind of prescription drugs she had if they knew her to be an addict?
Well, it depends on a lot of things.
What was your reaction when you heard that Whitney Houston had died?
You know, my reaction was I took to my Twitter account and I said, what's scummy about the music industry is that everybody loves you when you're dead.
At what point do we lose the courage and we started letting the other people run our lives?
I mean what's been a common theme throughout the week from the guests I've had is those who knew Whitney Houston saying she was very strong-willed.
What would you say to that argument?
I, too, am very strong-willed.
Is it pills?
It has been, at times --
All?
OUSTON: At times.
If you had to name the devil, for you, the biggest devil among them?
That would be me.
How easy has it been over the years for you to get pretty much any drug you like?
You know, I'm in a unique situation there where I actually never had a rock doc as they call them.
How do these rock docs go about their business?
You know I don't really understand how it works.
And Piers, can I ask you a question?
Sure.
If I went to your house for dinner and you know I'm a recovering alcoholic, and I ask for a glass of wine with dinner, what would you say?
Well, this to me comes to the absolute crux of this, because you know, it's not like we are best friends or I know you that well, but I do know that you are a recovering addict.
How can we hold them accountable?
I think that is the key question.
Why don't you think she wanted to get sober?
Well, it's a program of action sobriety, Piers.
What's your reaction to that as a former addict?
Well, I mean, it's twofold.
What was -- how did you find her?
Very engaging.
All this, if you were genuinely concerned about her, wouldn't you do something to stop this?
Yes.
Or in the end, did it have to come from within?
Well, both of those.
You must be enjoying yourself, aren't you?
It was that interview with Karen and the kids that launched this, Piers.
How do you explain that?
Well, the establishment has always been for Romney.
Do you think that Newt Gingrich should pull out now, as some people are suggesting today?
Oh, no.
And how much money have you earned in those four years?
Cumulatively, just off the top of my head, it's probably a little -- over three million dollars in those four years.
So pretty successful?
No, I feel -- look, I feel very blessed.
How do you think the way the public will react to that?
Well, all my income is earned income.
How would you summarize them?
Well, I have been very blessed.
Is that what your position on this?
Well, that's the Catholic Church's position, period, that it's wrong.
What do you think?
Well, I mean, you know, you see this problem on the -- on the screen, where folks who are very famous -- as you know, in your own country, you go back into the examples of the aristocracy and the impact on the rest of society throughout the history of Britain, and vice versa, when -- when the aristocracy changed their behavior.
There should be some more controlled regulation of this, to stop this sort of accepted practice over there, where you can almost go to 20 doctors if you want to?
Well, it shouldn't be accepted practice.
Where did that voice come from?
I don't know.
So the whole family sings?
Yeah.
I know that she was something special to you, right?
ESTMAN: She has a rich voice.
How did you feel when you heard that she had died?
I was heart broken.
Were you watching the Grammys?
I actually was, yeah.
And when you saw yourself coming up on a bus singing like Adele, what did you think?
I mean, it appeared unexpectedly.
Don, what's the latest tonight?
We're learning the latest from a source that's close to the death investigation, Piers.
Is that right?
EMON: Yes.
How did you feel when you heard that Whitney had died, I mean, given everything we know about her lifestyle in the last few years?
Well, I was in California.
I just wonder how shocking it was to people that ho knew her well?
Very.
What is it?
Look, I think it's not just papers, it's magazines, it's television networks, I mean CNN like everybody else has been doing a lot of coverage of this.
Have you spoken to any of the family?
I have.
Do you think it's as simple as that?
Well, I'm -- all I'm saying is we don't know.
Do the fans have a right to be part of this or do you think it was the sensible thing to do?
Well, I think Whitney Houston came from the church.
Very sadly died last -- six months ago?
Yes.
And 46 years, I think, I've read that you wrote together, is that right?
No.
Do you think it's the right thing to do?
Absolutely.
When you -- when you wrote, "I'm Every Woman," and then you heard her sing it, has there ever been any singer that you've ever heard who could have sung it better than Whitney Houston?
You're in dangerous territory now because the song was actually written for Chaka Khan.
How would you think that she would like her legacy to be in terms of the music?
I think she will be -- you know, it's interesting.
Really?
By pure chance.
Was it a hard decision and when you got there what was it actually like in the room?
Well, it was a very -- I can appreciate Chaka's feelings and I respect that.
How will you remember?
I will remember a young woman who always had a bright smile, brought joy to my life.
What do you mean, like trashing me in front of, like, 200 million people at the Golden Globes?
That was a while ago.
You like jokes?
Yes.
Isn't it?
That's followed me around.
I was going to ask why you ask me?
Well, because for a very long time you would never have imagined being in Hollywood.
What is the reality of Hollywood excess, the type that we've seen that caused the death of Whitney Houston?
Well, I don't know about that.
Is it to not be famous too early?
Well, I think so.
Is it a lot easier, is my point, to be older and become famous?
Well, I think so.
It's the I can't believe my luck that I get up in the morning, have an idea, and I can start writing that idea and it will get made at the moment, you know?
What I can't believe is the way you look, because we all fell in love back in Britain with fat, chubby Ricky.
You didn't tell me then, though, did you?
No, I didn't.
How much weight have you lost?
Not much at all.
Hollywood smiling?
I got some free -- those things in a luxury lounge once, those -- I thought those made me gag.
What made you go on this vanity kick?
It wasn't a vanity kick.
Where would you be without that?
-- "The death of a fight-useless chubby loser with -- who never cleans his teeth and stinks.
Do you get more groupies now?
I don't -- never got groupies.
Really?
No.
A svelte comedic auteur or as a chubby loser?
ERVAIS: I --
History of television?
"Seinfeld," lovely show.
You love Twitter, don't you?
Yes.
Why do you like it so much?
I like it for lots of reasons.
What were you getting at?
Well, you know, as a comedian --
-- you'd fit in well looking like that?
Well, I thought I looked intellectual there --
Always?
Of course.
How does your -- how does your atheism, which you're passionate about -- how does that play with your American audience, given that so many people in America are God-fearing people, and probably take exception to it?
Well, but they shouldn't.
Do I do that?
I don't think so.
Should we play you what Steve Carell said about you?
Yes, please.
Could you do what Ricky does?
Oh, not in a million years, no.
Why?
I think I would just get too skittish.
But you could play a Ricky Gervais character?
Perhaps, but to actually go in front of people and --
ORGAN: -- you're all heart, aren't you?
That's right.
Do you like Steve Carrell?
He's great.
What, with -- romantic love?
I'm assuming women.
Once?
Once.
Why haven't you married her yet?
Well, we are, really.
Do you think you ever will?
Oh, I'd never say never.
How do you show your romantic side?
ERVAIS: I don't know.
It would be professional, really -- a moment in your life, what would it be?
There's loads of things whizzing through my head, but they're all from childhood.
Like what?
I just remembered one.
There is only one Ricky Gervais?
Thank God.
Hearing Whitney sing a song say "Don't Cry for Me," what goes through your mind when you hear that?
INANS: Well, it causes, it triggers memories for me, pleasant memories.
And you wrote this song?
I wrote this song and CeCe singing it.
As somebody who knew her really well, what is the truth about Whitney in the last 10 years, do you think?
Well, the truth about Whitney, let's go back with me and family, the last 26 years of her life.
Were you as shocked as other people about what happened to her, in the sense of -- was there a sense of inevitability that Whitney wouldn't lead a long life given the lifestyle that she had chosen for herself?
I think the shock is great because we walked through, I think a darker valley five, 10 years ago.
Did she find superstardom very hard to deal with?
She tried to run away from it.
And when you understand that reality, you don't want that, you know?
Aretha Franklin repeated a few people, Baby Face came in here earlier this week and told me this too, one of the big blows to Whitney was when she went to the Soul Train Awards in the early '90s and she was booed for the first time by an audience because they had had enough of Whitney.
Do you remember that time?
Yes, I remember that time.
Is she OK?
She's good.
How do you feel about it?
I think it's important.
How much blame is it fair to (INAUDIBLE)?
I think I could go right back to that lyric in "Don't Cry for Me" where she sings, no one is to blame, my death was meant to be.
Did you ever doubt that she loved Bobby Brown?
You know, you're funny.
Did you ever try to save her, perhaps on herself, when it came to the drugs?
Well, I'll be very honest,.
How are you feeling about this?
Not nervous at all, because when you talk about Stevie, you talk about someone that used to live around the corner from me in Detroit, Michigan, when you talk about Aretha, you're talking about Auntie Rere (ph), when you talk about these people, these are people that we were blessed to meet early on and we became family.
When you get up to sing, what will you be thinking about when it comes to Whitney?
I'll -- honestly I'll be thinking and this is -- this is full circle for me because the first day we met, she was opening for Jeffrey Osborne.
What can you tell me about this?
We need to remain vigilant, always.
Nine times eight?
Seventy two.
Roger, how are you?
I'm doing great.
So you had that dream, too?
Correct.
Be honest -- and you've got to be absolutely honest with me -- did you know how good he really was?
I did.
Because you played yourself?
I would like to say because I played myself and because I have a pretty good eye for talent.
Does he pick his nose or what happens?
He's very outgoing.
So I mean, he is the genuine deal, isn't he?
He is, I mean, he's legitimate.
What is the single biggest offer you have so far had for Jeremy Lin?
Well, I have had too many really to --.
Just hard ready?
We haven't -- I'm not being vague, because what we haven't done is we really haven't vetted an offer that we have been really, really serious about to this point.
Two million?
That's very possible.
Higher?
Very possible.
You have had higher offers?
I have had offers in that range.
You must be enjoying this, aren't you?
I am.
Is this the greatest moment of your career?
It is.
Do you want them to take it better?
No, I didn't want them to take it badly in the first place.
Too easy, isn't it?
I mean --
That's what they call a home run, you know?
Yes, yes.
Do you know if he finds it funny?
Well, again, I don't -- I don't go for people -- things about people they can't help.
Do you have a moral code yourself?
Of course I do.
How would you define it?
Well, you can't.
And why he compares the GOP field to the Three Stooges?
Actually I was just thinking of your analogy, I was thinking Ron Paul is sort of a Shemp.
Are you -- are you a funny person by nature?
As is evidenced by this interview no.
Was that one of the most extraordinary experiences in your life?
Well, I wouldn't say extraordinary.
It was a long day, it was full of -- a lot of celebration as well as grief, but how would you describe it?
You -- it was really not just a long day but it was a day full of family, full of friends, full of people from the industry, from the government, Governor Christie, Mayor Booker.
How big a blow do you think it was to her that she lost the power of her voice and couldn't hit the great notes she used to hit?
You know, to any singer, that would be devastating.
For you, what did you think?
Well, I think with all these cases, it's a matter of she paid the price for what she thought she used to want.
Do you know anything about that?
Well, it's not illegal to be a party girl.
How did she change from the woman you saw?
Well, physically, she changed.
Would you go along with that?
Partly but addiction is not as Dr. Drew, who treated me, by the way, successfully, it's not about -- it's not a character defect, it's not a moral problem, it's, you know, something wrong with your brain, to put it simply.
Whitney just never seemed to have the desire to rehabilitate herself, to actually get proper treatment for this, did she?
No.
When you saw -- I don't know if you did see, but in the run-up to the day she died, for a few days, pictures emerging from Hollywood nightclubs of her falling out and looking disheveled and so on, did you fear that something awful would happen?
'BRIEN: No.
Doesn't that ring alarm bells?
Not really because I don't -- I don't know what she was doing and still we don't have the toxicology reports yet.
We don't now either way, right?
I think they've said no.
Barely two weeks ago?
Where was everybody when she was on this chaotic, spiral downhill.
What is happening while America sleeps?
Well, you know, we were all surprised on 9/11.
Yes, but it's nowhere near, it's nowhere near in terms of financial firepower, anything like Mitt Romney's, and it kind of reminds me of that campaign Meg Whitman fought in California, because money in the end can't overcome personal deficiency, can it, as a candidate?
Usually not.
I mean that is hypocritical, isn't it?
It really disappointed me and I was very clear about it.
Where do you think he's really been going wrong or where would you give him due credit?
Well, if you really look at the book carefully, I'm far more favorable about the president than critical.
You're not feeling the surge?
No, I'm really not.
Steve, isn't it?
Steve.
You appeared how many times on Johnnie Carson?
About 140 times.
That has to be a record, isn't it?
Yes, Bob Hope was the most, and I was the second most.
What was the idea?
Well, Charlie Hartsock and Vance DeGeneres, who are my partners at Carousel, had this idea to kind of trace the -- trace comedy in terms of generations and -- and how it cross-pollinates and sort of look to people's inspirations.
-- of superstar comedians, isn't it?
Yes.
How are you -- how are you billing it?
Well, I -- I don't know if it's a definitive history of comedy, but it is --
On what makes people laugh?
It's unique in the way in which the comedians talk about what they do.
That happened between you and him?
That never happened.
Is there a stat -- when you all get together?
It's so subjective.
Are you -- are you a funny person by nature?
s it evidenced by this interview, no.
But biggest comedian would your great burning ambition as a kid, was it?
No, not at all.
And if it's funny, then, you know?
Let's talk a little bit break, gents.
But you do -- do you thank God every day that these things happen?
Yes.
It's a little bit like that, isn't it?
There -- there is no Moe and Larry here.
It will hide your own lack of character, right?
Correct.
Who -- if I could trap you both on a desert island separately and you could have one comedian with you to make you laugh for the rest of your days, who would you take?
I would take Alan Arkin.
Why?
Because he makes -- one-to-one, he makes me laugh more than anyone I've ever met.
Really?
He is -- he's so dry and so acerbic, he just -- I love being around the man.
Who would you take?
I'd probably take Groucho.
If you're honest, did you prefer life before, when you were more anonymous, or have you actually embraced the whole fame thing with great enthusiasm?
It's much, much better to be rich and famous.
I like to think it might have been, but you never know, you know?
It's a lot tougher to deal with, I think, if you get that kind of thing when you're younger.
Do you miss the character?
No.
Could you do what Ricky does?
Oh, not in a million years.
Why?
I think I would just get too skittish.
You've got seven movies on the go, is that right, over the next two years?
ARELL: And I'm writing a symphony and I have a cooking show coming up.
Yes?
Did you ever imagine here you'd be in Hollywood in your smart power suit, in the middle of a seven movie extravaganza --
-- earning you, potentially, a billion dollars?
A billion dollars.
You must pinch yourself a bit, don't you?
I'm always pinching myself.
You need to have had cigarettes burned on you for years, don't you, to be genuinely -- to make an audience laugh?
Exactly.
You said that Billy's timed to go with his Oscars appearance, right?
Yes.
Eddie Murphy was probably doing it then, wasn't he?
It was before that.
I get the sense you've got great chemistry between you?
It's so -- I -- you know what, I think David is the best interviewer because he puts people at ease.
How are you?
I'm great.
How are you doing, Piers?
I'm good.
If you lose there, that's a big problem if you are presumed to be a frontrunner, right?
For sure.
How do you answer that charge?
Well, you know, it just makes me laugh out loud.
Why do you think that is and how will this play out?
Well, I certainly think it's driven by the presence of Rick Santorum.
What do you make of the current GOP race?
I have to correct that I served on a panel that President Bush appointed but I didn't work in his White House.
So how effective is it to go carpet-bomb your opponents like this?
I think that Romney has rendered himself unelectable in the general election and I think Rick Santorum, if he had stayed with the blue-collar narrative would have been much better off than heading into the religious rights territory that turns off moderates.
I mean is that even a possibility, do you think?
No.
What do you think?
Well, it's a horrible fact of life that money decides elections and that now after what the Republicans have done negative money with no limits can really corrupt the process.
Be honest?
Honestly, I explained that, you know, I feel like I am trying to create a dialogue and end this clash of civilization.
So what did your -- what did your father say to that?
He said, Allah be with you.
Really?
Yes.
Your father said that?
My father made "Alexander the Great," don't forget, who was a great unifier of people.
When you met him, did you bring up this denial of the Holocaust that he keeps purporting?
TONE: No.
Do you stand by that?
Yes.
Don't they have a right to feel vulnerable about that?
So you basically are defending the preventive war doctrine, which goes back to Bush.
You have a new television ad that labels him a fake, why?
Because he's a fake.
Do you?
I don't think the party has a clue who is going to be the nominee, after watching last night.
Is this a debate they should be having, given that the rest of America is screaming about jobs and the economy?
I couldn't agree with you more that he's taken the exact wrong tack on this.
Is there a danger that this particular obsessive debate with social conservative issues is just going to make them look rather out of touch with modern America?
I don't think that it was the candidates so much that wanted to focus on these issues.
You can even take that a step further, which is how many more mandates might there be buried in Obamacare?
Carol Roth, I mean, Mitt Romney is still I guess de facto the front-runner.
What is the problem for Mitt Romney, do you think?
The problem with Mitt Romney is the same problem that all the candidates had last night.
If he was to lose in Michigan, then that's bad for him, isn't it?
It would be a disaster.
Super Tuesday is going to be the really big indicator as to whether Mitt Romney can become a proper front-runner, isn't it?
Well, I think it is because, of course, it's all of those states in contention that night.
That's not coming across in these debates?
I totally agree.
Speaker, how are you?
I'm doing very well.
So, you think it was wrong of General Allen to issue an apology then before we received an apology or the American forces received an apology for the death of the two soldiers?
I think -- I think had the general and the president, and President Karzai had a joint appearance and said jointly this is a very unfortunate circumstance.
If you were president, are you saying if this had been your situation under your watch, you would not only refuse to apologize before getting an apology from Hamid Karzai for the death of the soldiers, but you would also stop General Allen from making an apology?
What I would have asked for is a joint appearance.
Can you honestly continue to ramp up a rhetoric against Iran and sustain a credible argument that you would at the same time bring gas prices down to $2.50 when everybody knows the two would be inextricably linked?
Honestly, first of all, that's precisely why we better have an American energy policy.
Where exactly do you stand out on the validity of that bailout?
Well, I think it would have been much better to have gone through a bankruptcy proceeding.
So, isn't this a slight mythology about the managed bankruptcy, because the reality was the private equity money simply wasn't there to do it anyway?
No, the -- what you had was an opportunity for the federal government to make a narrowly designed bridge loan just to get through the initial process and then allow the bankruptcy judge to implement the rules.
Isn't the reality that, whether you liked it or not, the bailout has worked?
Well, the reality is that the bailout has worked to some extent.
So the Newt Gingrich devil's horn has been put to one side and the halo is back?
Well, look, I think the -- the so-called devil's horn was largely a media myth.
How many nominations have you had in your history?
Three hundred and three.
Have you really?
Yes.
How many times have you won?
Eighty-two.
Can you think of anyone in history who has more nominations?
For the period of time, the amount of best picture nominations we have which is 20, over like 25 years, nobody's come close to that.
Am I right?
You're 100 percent right.
Did you have any doubt that it would be a success?
Not a one.
If you won, would it be the most satisfying victory of your entire career, do you think?
Probably, because this is against all odds.
You didn't do it for the money?
A black and white film; I've done plenty of movies for money.
What's the most shameless movie for money you have ever made?
I lost a movie that I wanted to distribute -- that I wanted to buy the script called "Cruel Intentions."
What do you think about it?
First of all, this is a movie that we found at the Tribeca Film Festival.
How does this work?
This was the appeal.
If it comes to it, could you not just edit out some of the offending F word parts of the movie?
I don't think we should.
If she doesn't win best actress, we'll all know why, right, Harvey?
But the thing about Meryl Streep is she's such a sweetheart and she's loves Viola Davis.
Is that true?
It is true.
Really?
All 24.
Ninety percent?
That's right.
-- or George Clooney?
I'm going against the grain on this one and saying George Clooney.
And this kind of romantic thing -- I think we're 84, 85 years into the Oscars -- of a silent movie -- you've got to be a pretty good damn actor to be Oscar nominated for a silent movie, right?
There's not many people who could have done that role.
Best actress, Viola or Meryl?
Viola.
Why are they all going down this road of artsy movies which nobody really goes to watch in big numbers?
Back in the day, in the '80s, and early '90s, if I can call that the day, movies like "Raiders of The Lost Ark" and "E.T." and "Ghost" and "The Fugitive" all got nominated for best picture.
He's done -- how many Oscars has he done?
Eight or nine.
It's not quite the same, is it?
Yes, it's not quite the same.
Why not?
ARGER: I always like seeing Michelle Williams.
What's the question?
The most --
Do you really think Warren Buffet need as much attention from the government as the most vulnerable?
Yes.
Why are so few members of his own party properly in love with Mitt Romney?
You know, I think there's two things at play here.
Why doesn't he look like he wants this more?
Well, I don't think anybody could come to the conclusion he doesn't want it.
I would not be called the reserved type, right?
No.
Do you accept any of that criticism of the way he's being perceived?
No, I don't accept the criticism.
But the fact is, what's the difference?
Well, well, whoa.
What's the difference?
Well, the difference is that many people in the Republican Party actually think the last thing he is is severely conservative.
And that comes back to my thing at the start about the battle for the heart and soul of the party, is which way is the party instinctively now going to go?
I think you have to look at the -- at the sum of someone's record.
What are the characteristics of him that are not getting over at the moment that you see when you speak to him privately that persuaded you to put your reputation behind him?
One, I think he's got integrity.
You're not feeling the surge?
No, I'm really not.
But if you were being critical of him in the campaign?
I won't be.
Why not?
Not publicly.
So what suggestions have you already made to him that you could now repeat to me?
None that I'm telling you.
What have we not seen so far?
It's going to come from inside him.
Do you care about the poor, Governor?
I sure do.
So this has to be a concern for the Republicans as they go into the proper election battle, doesn't it?
Well, first of all, I don't think it's my obligation to characterize the economy as a fiasco.
Did you approve, instinctively, yourself, of the bailout of the auto industry?
Listen, you know, I've got to tell you the truth, I didn't spend a lot of time thinking about it because what I was doing at the time --
But now that I've asked you to think about it?
Well, yes, but -- I mean, you know, I actually try to give things more thought than just three or four seconds before I give you an opinion.
You've only given it three or four seconds thought?
Right now, since you just asked me, and that was the context within which you put it.
But what do you think?
Well, listen, as I just told you, I haven't spent a lot of time thinking about it.
You don't have a view of the bailout of the American auto industry?
What I have is, what I have is a view of what's happening here in this state because that's my job.
Does he deserve it for that?
-- of education.
Is it complex?
Sure it is.
ORGAN: Really?
Sure it is.
What is your view ideologically of bailouts?
Well, my view is that the government should have as little involvement in the private sector as it possibly can.
Are you pleased it's worked?
I'm pleased people are working.
Is it not a debate that's worth having, though?
Sure it is.
Wouldn't that be a good thing?
Well, I think what would be a good thing is for us to allow the people, the shareholders and the executives of those companies, to make their decisions.
Because whichever you play that clip, even if you play every single word, and you take him exactly on the context you wanted it to sound like, he's still prioritizing middle class Americans in his head over the poor, isn't it?
All I could tell you is what I do.
What's the question?
I -- the most vulnerable --
Do you really think Warren Buffet needs as much attention from the government as the most vulnerable?
Yes.
What's the answer?
I got the question right.
You know, is it right that, taking your argument to its natural conclusion that Warren Buffet is as much in your head for his economic situation as the poorest person in New Jersey?
Well, first of all, Warren Buffet doesn't live in New Jersey --
How many billionaires are there in New Jersey?
I don't know the answer to that question.
Roughly?
I -- really, I have not a clue.
But are all the billionaires in New Jersey, under this plan, going to get 10 percent income tax reduction?
Everybody will get 10 percent.
But are you worried you're -- you're beginning to be slightly out of touch, given that seven states now, I think, have legalized gay marriage, Washington being the latest, given that others are likely to follow?
Wait a second.
So, you're suggesting that because my position is in step with 43 of the 50 states, that proves I'm out of step?
Well, it would have been in step with 50 of the states, but now it's only 43.
Yes, but at what stage does it become politically strange?
I won't compromise my principles for politics.
Ever?
No, not my principles.
You would never change your mind about this?
I would not compromise my principles for politics.
Do you get flak from gay friends for this?
Some, yes.
What do they say to you?
We have a robust conversation about why I have the position I have and they have the position they have.
Do they -- do they accuse you directly of being bigoted?
No.
Would they have a right to?
No.
It's not a bigoted position?
Absolutely not.
Again, I guess because you're a Catholic, you would be opposed to it?
Listen, I don't have -- I don't have any problem with people using contraception.
ORGAN: It's as simple as that?
Yes.
What do you think about the whole debate that came out recently?
I think it's a distraction and I think -- and I think that, you know, while it's a very important issue and that there are people who feel fiercely on both sides of the question of ObamaCare, not on contraception, although there is some debate about that as well.
Are you personally in favor of that?
Well, listen, you know, that's the law of the state and the legislature has put it in effect long before I came here and it's my job to enforce the law.
What do Americans need to be thinking about?
I think the American people should be thinking about the extraordinary gifts that this country makes available to them, of opportunity, of the ability to be able to live where you want to live, to pick the career you want to pick, and to really be restricted in this country, still today, only by what your own ambition and your willingness to work hard and to strive for.
That's the American Dream at its best, isn't it?
Only in America.
You would accept that?
Yes, I would.
How could that apply successfully, in your view, to America?
Make the difficult decisions without regard to anything other than what you think is in the best interests of the state.
You fought 130 case?
In political corruption, we won 130 cases without a defeat.
You never lost?
No.
Have you ever lost an election?
Yes.
How many?
A few.
What did you learn about yourself from the defeats?
Always to be yourself and not to get -- listen to people in your ear, the consultants and the others who try to tack you and turn you and color you, but to be yourself, because then you have no regrets.
Can you be true to yourself completely as president or is the job simply too, now, predicated on having to deals all the time with the opposition to get anything done?
I don't think the two are mutually exclusive.
Can we assume that at some stage, you might run?
I don't think you can assume it, because, you know, only God knows what life brings you.
It's not your bag, is it, to do that kind of thing?
I -- no.
Can I see the rest of the statehouse?
Absolutely.
What was that -- what's the demeanor you're trying to create as you march in?
I'm trying to be in charge, and to -- to give off the minute I walk through this door, to give all of the people who will be sitting here, the people of the gallery, the sense that I'm in charge.
It's like a mini senate, isn't it?
It is.
When you're standing there doing your thing -- I mean, this looks like the senate to me -- when you're standing there doing your thing, you must -- your mind must occasionally flash forward to a slightly bigger stage, doesn't it?
What it --
I mean, that is really what being a politician is all about, isn't it?
Yes, it's about accomplishments, yes.
Am I right?
listen, yes, you are.
You have lost quite a little weight since I last saw you?
A little bit.
You're now on a bit of a mission?
You know, I'm intermittently on a mission on this stuff.
Is there any indication at the moment about any motive for what happened?
You know, when you talk to people here, and this sounds like cliche, but it is so true with everyone that I've spoken to that knows this young man.
Yes, do the -- do the Bobbies carry guns now?
Very few.
What's your sense?
Well, I don't think they believe it as passionately as the right.
Are you disappointed that Obama hasn't done something more concrete about guns?
Of course.
What made you get up one day and say I'm going to do this?
OK.
How bad are you going to miss it, Bill?
I'm driving a cab at night now.
Have you heard from the president since your donation?
Well, no, because it wasn't to him, it was to the super PAC.
Is it a silly argument?
It's a silly argument.
That's still hypocrisy, isn't it?
Well, first of all, he would just -- he would out-and-out lose this election if he didn't -- .
Even if you think it's morally and ethically wrong?
Of course.
But given that Romney is out-spending all his competitors with these super PACs, and like 10-1 and he still isn't getting very far, certainly winning his election battle at the moment, what makes you think the super PACs are actually that effective?
Well, that's true.
Would every coach do that?
Of course, every -- they always have.
What would we think of a coach who didn't do that?
He was crazy is what we would think.
It's true, when Rick -- when Rick Santorum says, you know, Obama thinks that your -- I don't know what -- what did he say about Obama that he wants to rule over you?
But here's the problem.
How dare you say you won't be taking your orders from the Pope?
I don't think he read the speech properly because that's not what Kennedy was saying.
What do you think of that whole argument on both sides?
It's similar to the silly thing about you -- the designated hitter and how that's a hypocrite.
How much should the government lead, and how much strays into nanny state, do you think?
Well, sometimes you do need a nanny state.
If you were president, what are the three quick things that you would strive to do to put America back on its feet, do you think?
Well, first, I would invest.
Did you find that funny or not?
I hadn't seen that.
What's to get upset about?
Exactly.
Do you like him?
Of course.
Why can't he do it with his religion, if he believes?
Well, he can.
And actually, I suspect, do believe that it's perfectly acceptable for people of religious influence to work in politics as well and govern?
It is, of course.
If Jeremy Lin came to you and said, look, I want you to join me in prayer and I will score 20 more points against the Lakers, would you do it?
Of course not.
Would you simply have wanted -- not wanted, but have drawn the conclusion the only ethical or moral solution would be that the mother should die?
No one -- Piers, I love the way people who are pro-choice find the most grotesque possible moral dilemma to set up one side or her to.
Where do you think life begins?
I think it begins at conception.
How do you plead to that charge?
Well, I guess I'll use the word guilty, or very, very happy.
What do you think -- if your brain path for this kind of thing, what can we confidently predict?
Nothing.
Would that have been a good thing for the president?
LITZER: It probably would have been but I think they've assumed from day one that Mitt Romney is going to be the Republican presidential nominee.
If either of those candidates pulled out, where would their votes go?
Ron Paul is not going anywhere, Piers.
So how are you feeling overall about it?
Well, I'm feeling like it was a big win in Arizona and we're just really pleased that the people rallied around the man that we believe can move forward and beat President Obama.
What would you be advising him to do?
Well, I think that the bottom line is that he's -- you know, he's leading in the race.
Is that what you want to see from Mitt Romney when the battle royale starts?
Now, Piers, you don't know what I was saying.
Just to be serious, I mean if Mitt Romney does win and is the nominee and he gets to take on Barack Obama, should he be making some kind of advantage of the apparent thin-skinned that you've identified?
Oh, no.
So I mean he's got it in him, isn't he, to really stick the knife in?
Well, you know, I will be honest with you.
So why did you switch?
Well, you know, I originally, I think, bought into the conventional wisdom that Governor Romney was the strongest candidate against Barack Obama.
I mean given that Mitt Romney has won both in Arizona and Michigan tonight, I mean, do you feel a bit that guy that put everything on red in Vegas and then came out black?
Well, I don't think Governor Romney can be very happy with his performance in Michigan.
What are you going to do about that?
There's a great deal of enthusiasm.
Did President Kennedy's speech about the separation of church and state make you want to throw up and do you think it's snobbish for the president of the United States to want people to go to college?
Well, I think -- I think Senator Santorum has explained exactly what he meant.
Are you any clearer about what the motive may have been for this senseless killing?
It's not clear at all what the motive is, what the motive was.
Is there a family rift about it?
No, not at all, Piers.
What is your sense about the way it's going?
Well, I think, I think Ohio is going to be a lot like we saw with Michigan over the course of the last week and I would suggest to your viewers that -- that they just throw out any poll they have seen so far.
Do those things really matter on the ground in somewhere like Michigan?
They absolutely do.
How damaging is a prolonged race or could it be like the Democrat race four years ago where actually it ends up being quite helpful?
Well, I think it -- I think it could be helpful but I'll tell you what.
Have you changed your mind?
I have not changed my mind, Piers.
Have you changed your mind?
Well, no.
So I mean, are you in possession of information that I'm not in possession of?
Well, look, if you think about what being bankrupt is, it isn't going out of business.
I mean, it's not a winning proposition for any candidate in a presidential election, is it?
Yes, but it's not -- it's not a success.
Well -- yes?
If I could just jump in and...
You know, has he got a way back?
The professor always has a way back in.
Would it be enough, even if he wins in Georgia?
Oh, Newt'll probably think it's enough, but he should probably try and win one or two more on that same day.
Is it a real possibility?
Well, it -- now at RealClearPolitics, it's up to 20 percent, when it was down in single digits before.
I mean, is there anybody realistically who's going to stick their neck out now and take on Barack Obama in an election that many think they couldn't win?
You know, it's really hard to see who that person would be.
Who's at the top of the ticket?
Sarah...
What media scrutiny?
Well, there was enough...
You also don't chose someone at the last minute as your potential nominee who hasn't been thoroughly vetted for a while by the media, do you?
One of the other...
Who?
Yes.
Amy?
Oh, boy, you know, I had predicted Hillary Clinton in 2008, so I'm not sure my prediction is worth much.
Carol?
I'm voting for you, Piers.
Why did you and Mitt Romney part company just after the Florida debate, where by common consent, you'd got him back on track?
Well, I'm not going to, you know, comment on the details of what happened with the Romney campaign, but I was very honored to be able to work with him.
Why is he still struggling to really cement this front-runner position, do you think?
Well, I mean, I think, you know, this race has been all about momentum, and there's been a lag between some of the contests.
I mean, knowing Mitt Romney as you do, what is it that he's struggling to get out there about his character, his personality, that perhaps he isn't selling well enough yet?
Well, I mean, I think it's the personal side.
What is it like to be actually there?
Well, Piers, it's unbelievable and I think appalling, as you said, is a good word and also war zone, as well.
I mean what is the state of the emergency rescue operation?
Well, they think everyone is accounted for.
Where does this rank in terms of size and power and I suppose more pertinently what is happening tonight and which areas are most in danger?
I'll start with the first one.
I know your home has just been wiped away, right?
Yes, sir, my home was destroyed, yes.
Obviously devastating for you and your family but do you feel lucky to be alive?
We're very lucky to be alive and just a good disaster plan at home and well executed at 5:00 this morning.
Can you tell me what it was like when you realized what was happening?
We were asleep -- well, we woke up half the roof was coming off the house and we managed to get the small children in the -- in the closet and about the time the small children were in the closet my wife and I noticed the walls separating from the house and it wasn't just a couple seconds later it was quiet and it was -- it was very obvious there was utter devastation around there.
ORGAN: Yes, I mean, is there anything more -- is there anything more that the people of the town could have done, do you think, or is it just one of those things when everyone is asleep and you just have to deal with what happens?
You know, I watched it earlier on, and it didn't seem that bad on the news forecast and the weather forecast.
Mr. Hicks, did you know people who had been hurt?
Yes, we knew people who had been hurt today and injured in our town, yes, we did.
Where will you be spending this evening, and what are your plans in the immediate near future for where you and your family will live?
We've got insurance companies will be in here the next 48 hours and for right now a local church and a couple of other organizations put us in a motel room for the night so we're pretty fortunate tonight.
And how far had it gone?
It's -- there's an apartment building about 15 feet away from it and it had picked the trailer up and thrown it against the apartment building.
What are your immediate actions to try and bring the town back under I guess some form of order?
Well, Piers, thank you so much for having us on this evening, first of all.
How did you hear the news?
My wife called me this morning.
Were you good friends?
Well, yes, we were quite good friends.
Was he content with his life, do you think?
Oh, I think so, absolutely.
When was the last time you spoke to him, Micky?
It would have been just a few months ago.
Did that bring Davy a lot of pleasure, the fact that you guys were back together and getting great reviews and so on?
Always did -- did all of us, yeah.
What do you want me to do?
One of your quick little things.
What?
I really think you should have been a jockey.
Did he remain proud of his English roots, Micky?
Oh, absolutely, he had family back there.
When you're hearing all the tributes today, Micky, and all the music being played again and so on, what's your abiding memory of Davy Jones?
Oh, boy, it's a lot.
When you think about the whole campaign so far, what do you think internally have been the issues that you've had to really confront that are the most pertinent?
Well, this is a very competitive field.
How many do you realistically think you can win on the night?
Well, there are ten states that are going to be voting on Tuesday.
Do you -- are you seeing a guy who is itching to get on to the main event?
One thing about our campaign is that we're not taking anything for granted.
Am I right?
I would totally agree with you that we just haven't had the winter weather and that big punch of heavy snow storms that we saw last year.
They don't hit directly on small towns, do they?
Well, I will tell you, the way this goes with this -- this is, you know, 15, maybe 20 tornadoes in a cycle -- is not an incredibly bizarre pattern.
Is it a real possibility?
Well, it now -- Real Clear Politics, it's up to 20 percent when it was down in single digits before, and it will be interesting how they interpret tonight's numbers to see how -- and they look at the polls for next week because if there is a genuine sense that Mitt Romney can't close the deal people are going to start getting nervous.
How are you?
Thank you.
What is your realistic aspiration for the 10 states?
Well, we're working harder in, you know, a few of the states like, you know, Washington and Idaho and Alaska, and a couple others, but realistically I don't have a number.
I mean, are you and Mitt Romney in bed together?
No.
If you were Barack Obama and you're watching your attack ad just now for example, who is best served to the conservatives to take on Barack Obama -- the hypocrite, the fake or the flip flopper?
Well, I think the people that are helped at best are the voters to find out whom they're voting for, if they're voting for somebody who says I am the conservative and he's a really a fake, you know, people need to know that.
What did you make of it all?
Well, I can't interpret all that.
On the assumption at the moment that Mitt Romney may end up being the nominee, would you serve under him if he asked you?
Well, it depends on -- he is not likely to do that.
Would you feel comfortable with Ahmadinejad having a nuclear weapon?
I wouldn't want that to happen.
-- and why they would be so anxious about him having a nuclear weapon capability?
Right.
Did you agree with the Senate's decision to not allow any exemptions to Obama's birth control rule?
Well, I want the government in insurance, this whole idea that the government can tell the insurance company what they should give and people now when you're talking about mandating, you know, birth control pills in an insurance program, that's no longer insurance.
What was it about him you think will be his legacy?
Andrew was full of passion, exuberance, fearlessness and often coming up with statements that he couldn't prove, although he was also obsessed with facts and wanting to ferret out facts and the truth so there are all these paradoxes.
What was the guy that you knew?
Andrew was -- he could be polarizing.
Did you know if he was having health issues?
I know that there were some health concerns.
What will your lasting memory be of him?
Oh, gosh.
So I think if he had been here talking about himself under these circumstances, Andrew would have been pretty scathing about part of his character, wouldn't he?
He would.
How do you think he's doing?
Well, I'm excited to be -- Buzzfeed is where it's at for 2012, for sure.
Who thinks sex is bad?
Not me.
Penn Jillette, how are you?
Oh, why I -- I'm just so excited to have Rush and sex below my picture --
What is the concept then?
The concept is that sex is bad.
Well, who thinks sex is bad?
Not me.
Is it?
Yes, I agree --
-- when you -- when you take religion to its extremities?
Well, I -- I actually think that this does certainly -- anti-sex does start often in religion.
You would?
How many times he has sex.
You would?
Yes.
Once you've said sex is a bad thing -- doesn't all of this follow logically?
But there can't be anybody in the world who genuinely thinks sex is a bad thing.
That it's a bad thing?
Sure.
Or a bad thing outside of wedlock?
Well, sure.
It's one of the great wonders of the world, isn't it?
Absolutely.
As an atheist, when you see that happening politically, and these are people who may one day be your president -- what do you think?
Well, you have to -- it's very, very hard not to just be told you so.
Are there elements of a religious conviction which you think could be helpful to somebody as a political leader?
You have to have the passion for freedom greater than the passion for you know what's right.
Can I join you here?
Yes, you may.
But the better way for America to go now is to collectively put all this brain power together and think, how do we keep this country where it should be, a great country?
I think that I always go with individualism.
What has gone wrong with the American Dream?
You know, I don't know.
So, Kal, what's more fun -- working with Hugh Laurie on "House," being in a hit movie, or running in the corridors of power with the president?
Probably different kinds of fun, I would say.
If I held a metaphorical bullet to your head and you could only do one of these things the rest of your life -- movies, TV, politics?
I would get rid of TV and I would choose between movies and politics.
Which one is it going to be?
One is fact and one is fiction.
Would you?
Because you're helping real people with real substantive things.
What's it been like in there to be at the center of things looking out with everybody else wondering what's going on in there?
It's been pretty remarkable.
What would you say are the common misconceptions about the president?
Oh, gosh.
Do you accept that as a criticism?
No, I don't think so.
ORGAN: What kind of guy is he when the door shuts?
The same.
Who would you most like to come up against?
To me, all of the candidates are the same, just in terms of the policy.
You're a busy guy, aren't you?
I try to keep busy.
What is rotten, do you think?
Well, I have a -- I'm a father of six children.
If I asked you, for example, what your view of gay marriage is, what would you say?
Go ahead and ask me.
What is your view of gay marriage?
I feel like I just got imported into the Christine O'Donnell interview you did back in August.
Would you tell them that gay marriage is a sin?
I would tell my children, as -- I tell them what I believe myself.
What do you believe?
I believe that marriage was defined by God a long time ago.
Do you think homosexuality is a sin?
I think that it's -- it's unnatural.
So what's your view of abortion?
I think that it's wrong.
Under any circumstances?
Under any circumstances.
Even rape and incest?
I think someone who is ultimately willing to murder a child, even to fix another tragic end, a devastating situation like rape or incest or things like that, is not taking the moral high road.
Could you honestly look a daughter in the eye if she was raped and say you have got to have that child?
AMERON: Yes, and I will help you.
You would do that?
Yes, of course.
Whose do you take?
I take my values.
How would you like to play my ex-husband?
Yes.
What made you get up one day and say I'm going to do this?
OK.
How bad are you going to miss it, Bill?
I'm driving a cab at night now.
Have you heard from the president since your donation?
Well, no, because it wasn't to him, it was to the super PAC.
Is it a silly argument?
It's a silly argument.
That's still hypocrisy, isn't it?
Well, first of all, he would just -- he would out-and-out lose this election if he didn't -- it is not hypocrisy.
Even if you think it's morally and ethically wrong?
Of course, because otherwise he doesn't win.
But given that Romney is outspending all his competitors with these super PACs, and like 10-1 and he still isn't getting very far, certainly not winning his election battle at the moment, what makes you think the super PACs are actually that effective?
Well, that's true.
Would every coach do that?
You will try to --
Would every coach do that?
Of course, every -- they always have.
It's true, when Rick -- when Rick Santorum says, you know, Obama thinks that your -- I don't know what -- what did he say about Obama that he wants to rule over you?
But here's the problem.
How dare you say you won't be taking your orders from the Pope?
I don't think he read the speech properly because that's not what Kennedy was saying.
What do you think of that whole argument on both sides?
It's similar to the silly thing about you -- the designated hitter and how that's a hypocrite.
How much should the government lead, and how much strays into nanny state, do you think?
Well, sometimes you do need a nanny state.
Did you find that funny or not?
I hadn't seen that.
What's to get upset about?
Exactly.
You -- was it at the "Vanity Fair" party you met Tim Tebow?
Yes.
Do you like him?
Of course.
Satan, Hitler?
Well, first of all, it's a joke.
Inspiring?
Yes.
People who are religious?
If you work from the point of view that most Americans are not atheists like you, then actually, if they do believe in God, having a clean living, superbly talented professional sportsman actually being very, I think, modest, you know, humble --
Why can't he do it with his religion, if he believes?
Well, he can.
So?
ORGAN: And they actually, I suspect, do believe that it's perfectly acceptable for people of religious influence to work in politics as well and govern.
If Jeremy Lin came to you and said, look, I want you to join me in prayer and I will score 20 more points against the Lakers, would you do it?
Of course not.
What?
Get on your knees and start praying, Bill Maher.
How did you hear the news?
My wife called me this morning.
Were you good friends?
Well, yes, we were quite good friends.
Was he content with his life, do you think?
Oh, I think so, absolutely.
When was the last time you spoke to him, Micky?
It would have been just a few months ago.
Did that bring Davy a lot of pleasure, the fact that you guys were back together and getting great reviews and so on?
Always did -- did all of us, yes.
What do you want me to do?
One of your quick little things.
Did he remain proud of his English roots, Micky?
Oh, absolutely, he had family back there.
When you're hearing all the tributes today, Micky, and all the music being played again and so on, what's your abiding memory of Davy Jones?
Oh, boy, it's a lot.
What are you doing?
Working.
I'm going to find out the secrets of the most devilish woman on television?
I'm too lucky.
You know, back in Britain, you're not that famous, are you?
That's very true.
Really?
When I won the Emmy -- they didn't, when I was nominated, I wasn't on the list.
But if you don't like him, you don't have to marry him, is that right?
I think there's different ways to describe an arranged marriage.
How did things develop?
We just got on.
What do you think?
Well, if you let me talk, Piers.
Does your mom take all the credit?
She just said, I did introduce you and I say, yes, you did.
Perish the thought?
Oh, God, that would be --
To have a little Kalinda?
To have a little Kalinda.
But is that -- I mean, how do you feel about becoming 40?
I know when people say that to me, it doesn't worry me.
What is she like then, Angie?
Very nice woman.
And brad?
Very nice man.
Did you all hang out together?
Occasionally.
Who rings who?
Stop being so naughty, Piers.
Do you go out and have a few beers?
No, we don't.
Would I like to be as famous as that?
Yes.
We got a little glimpse of it there, but you put this down to an Indian diet that you had, (INAUDIBLE), right?
No.
Did they really?
I'm surprised you didn't discover that.
How did that make you feel as a young man?
Terrible.
That's awful, isn't it?
Horrible.
How did you react to this critique from your agent?
That maybe that was the reason I wasn't giving the roles because I was fine in delivering the dialogue and that maybe a sign I should work on it.
So when you now see yourself as this little vamp from "The Good Wife," you must feel pretty good, right?
It's very strange watching myself on that, Piers.
What does your husband make of it?
Well, sometimes, every time I have other characters, and I come home with my hair and makeup, he's like, take it off because I hate your make up.
How would you like to play my ex-husband?
Yes.
Are you serious?
I'll speak to the kings.
Are they negotiable?
Negotiable.
How is Raj going to feel about this?
Oh, I'm sure -- he's a big fan of yours, I'm sure, he --
Do you want them to take it better?
No, I didn't want them to take it badly in the first place.
Too easy, isn't it?
I mean --
That's what they call a home run, you know?
Yes, yes.
Do you have a moral code yourself?
Of course I do.
What's your litmus test?
Well, you can't.
But what are we meant to do?
For a very long time, you would never have imagined being in Hollywood.
What is the reality of Hollywood excess?
Well, I don't know about that.
Is it to not be famous too early?
Well, I think so.
Is it a lot easier, is my point, to be older and become famous?
Well, I think so.
It's the I can't believe my luck that I get up in the morning, have an idea, and I can start writing that idea and it will get made at the moment, you know?
What I can't believe is the way you look, because we all fell in love back in Britain with fat, chubby Ricky.
You didn't tell me then, though, did you?
No, I didn't.
How much weight have you lost?
Not much at all.
Hollywood smiley?
I got some free -- those things in a luxury lounge once, those -- I thought those made me gag.
What made you go on this vanity kick?
It wasn't a vanity kick.
Where would you be without that?
-- "The death of a fight-useless chubby loser with -- who never cleans his teeth and stinks.
Do you get more groupies now?
I don't -- never got groupies.
Really?
No.
A svelte comedic auteur or as a chubby loser?
I think --
History of television?
"Seinfeld," lovely show.
You love Twitter, don't you?
Yes.
Why do you like it so much?
I like it for lots of reasons.
What were you getting at?
Well, you know, as a comedian --
-- you'd fit in well looking like that?
Well, I thought I looked intellectual there --
Always?
Of course.
How does your -- how does your atheism, which you're passionate about -- how does that play with your American audience, given that so many people in America are God-fearing people, and probably take exception to it?
Well, but they shouldn't.
Do I do that?
I don't think so.
Should we play you what Steve Carell said about you?
Yes, please.
Could you do what Ricky does?
Oh, not in a million years, no.
Why?
I think I would just get too skittish.
But you could play a Ricky Gervais character?
Perhaps, but to actually go in front of people and --
-- you're all heart, aren't you?
That's right.
Do you like Steve Carell?
He's great.
What, with -- romantic love?
I'm assuming women.
Once?
Once.
Why haven't you married her yet?
Well, we are, really.
Do you think you ever will?
Oh, I'd never say never.
How do you show your romantic side?
I don't know.
It would be professional, really -- a moment in your life, what would it be?
There's loads of things whizzing through my head, but they're all from childhood.
Like what?
I just remembered one.
Steve, isn't it?
Steve.
You appeared how many times on Johnny Carson?
About 140 times.
That has to be a record, isn't it?
Yes, Bob Hope was the most, and I was the second most.
What was the idea?
Well, Charlie Hartsock and Vance DeGeneres, who are my partners at Carousel, had this idea to kind of trace the -- trace comedy in terms of generations and -- and how it cross-pollinates and sort of look to people's inspirations.
-- of superstar comedians, isn't it?
Yes.
How are you -- how are you billing it?
Well, I -- I don't know if it's a definitive history of comedy, but it is --
On what makes people laugh?
It's unique in the way in which the comedians talk about what they do.
That happened between you and him?
That never happened.
Is there a stat -- when you all get together?
It's so subjective.
But biggest comedian wasn't your great burning ambition as a kid, was it?
No, not at all.
And if it's funny, then, you know?
Let's talk a little break, gents.
But you do -- do you thank God every day that these things happen?
Yes.
It's a little bit like that, isn't it?
There -- there is no Moe and Larry here.
It will hide your own lack of character, right?
Correct.
Who -- if I could trap you both on a desert island separately and you could have one comedian with you to make you laugh for the rest of your days, who would you take?
I would take Alan Arkin.
Why?
Because he makes -- one-to-one, he makes me laugh more than anyone I've ever met.
Really?
He is -- he's so dry and so acerbic, he just -- I love being around the man.
Who would you take?
I'd probably take Groucho.
If you're honest, did you prefer life before, when you were more anonymous, or have you actually embraced the whole fame thing with great enthusiasm?
It's much, much better to be rich and famous.
I like to think it might have been, but you never know, you know?
It's a lot tougher to deal with, I think, if you get that kind of thing when you're younger.
Do you miss the character?
No.
Could you do what Ricky does?
Oh, not in a million years.
Why?
I think I would just get too skittish.
You've got seven movies on the go, is that right, over the next two years?
And I'm writing a symphony and I have a cooking show coming up.
Yes?
Did you ever imagine here you'd be in Hollywood in your smart power suit, in the middle of a seven movie extravaganza --
-- earning you, potentially, a billion dollars?
A billion dollars.
You must pinch yourself a bit, don't you?
I'm always pinching myself.
You need to have had cigarettes burned on you for years, don't you, to be genuinely -- to make an audience laugh?
Exactly.
Is it?
That's absolutely rude.
How important strategically is winning Ohio?
You know, we'd definitely like a win.
I mean, does he feel like he takes two steps forward then two back and so on, that it's been a real uphill battle when he wasn't maybe expecting it?
No.
Why do they're not getting the real Mitt Romney, do you think?
I think he's not on the PIERS
Why have you resisted me for so long?
I haven't resisted your charms at all.
Tell me about the reality of being a presidential candidate because it's incredibly hard work, isn't it?
It is, it is.
Will it be a determining day, do you think, or are we going to be here in a month with things still undecided?
My opinion is, I think it will be a determining day because there's so many delegates up for grabs.
And it maybe that if Mitt Romney was to prevails here or Rick Santorum, it helps them to have this long battle?
Well, the process is very good.
Are you disappointed that there is no bona fide Tea Party candidate left in the race?
I am very happy to get behind any of these candidates because I want to have a unifying voice.
Would that be a misreading?
I like Rick Santorum a lot but I like Mitt Romney, I like Newt Gingrich, I like Ron Paul.
Who do you most agree with?
I think -- I think my opinions were fairly forthright throughout the debate and I felt, quite honestly, I was the perfect candidate for America.
I mean if you're so vehemently in the vanguard against Obama care, presumably Mitt Romney is the least of the four candidates that you would personally endorse, right?
Well --
Michele Bachmann, were you as appalled as I was by Rush Limbaugh's rhetoric?
Well, what I thought at first is that this is a 3D example of what Obama care is going to mean in every America's life from now on because essentially for the first time in the history of the country we have one person who will be a health care czar, who will not only dictate what we get in health care but more importantly what we won't get in health care.
Right?
No, what I'm saying is that --
Do you think homosexuality is a sin?
I think that it's -- it's unnatural.
What do you think of his comments?
Well, I'm not -- I'm here as a member of Congress.
But do you agree with him?
I am not here as anybody's judge.
Really?
No.
This is one of the fastest sea changes in public opinion that people can remember in America, isn't it?
Well, there is still -- every state in the country that has put this up to the vote, people have voted for marriage between a man and a woman.
Just equality of respect?
I believe that everyone under the law here in the United States has the right to the same level of protections under our Constitution.
Would you agree with those comments, personally?
Honestly, I think I have had enough of the conversation.
Really?
Yeah.
It is a lively horse, though, isn't it?
For you.
Is it snobbery to want your kids to go to college?
Everyone wants the best.
Was he wrong to use that word?
Listen, Piers, I have been a mother of 28 children from every level of capability.
They're -- oh, really, Piers?
I'm not on the left or right.
Aren't you glad you did?
Yes.
So respect on both sides is what we need to get to?
Of course.
What planet are we on?
Lewis, I just had Michele Bachmann on, who called me rude and was indignant because I had the impertinence to suggest that she was judgmental, when some would argue she's the most judgmental woman in American politics.
Did they burn their hands on Bunsen Burners?
I thought it was quite interesting, the reaction to the Kirk Cameron comments on my show, because I must say, I didn't expect it to erupt the way that it did.
What?
It's that whole thing of, you know -- it's -- you know, being Jewish, you know, you kind of -- I know enough about Christianity to know you're not being a Christian.
Why are you worried about?
It's already done.
What did you make up of the rush Limbaugh furor?
Wow.
What are your overall thoughts about this Republican race?
I think it's one of the most spectacular races I've ever watched, if it was like maybe 1958.
Are you a bit mystified that people aren't really galvanized yet into Mitt Romney being the nominee?
Look, we're focused on getting the delegates we need to get the nomination.
Is that really helpful to either Mitt Romney or to the party itself?
Well, we always knew that this would be a long fight.
I mean how far do you take on Rick Santorum in that kind of territory?
Well, at first we challenge the statement that he's not a true conservative.
What do you think have been the main things that he's learned so far on this campaign trail?
You know, I think just getting his message out is the most important thing.
I mean, do you think it's time that one of the contestants, maybe more than one, consider whether to pull out?
You know, that's going to be up to all the individual campaigns, and I'll let their campaigns decide that.
How are you actually going to win this?
Well, first of all, there's a couple of things that the Romney people, for some reason, always seem to fail to tell anybody and that is that many of the delegates that are already there are not binding delegates.
Could you see Newt Gingrich doing that?
Well, look, Newt Gingrich is going to have to do what Newt Gingrich has to do.
And finally, John, and briefly if you don't mind, can we assume that we will not be seeing Rick Santorum uttering the word snob again in this campaign, or actually college education, and that he will desist from saying John F. Kennedy made him throw up?
Well, you know, the interesting thing, I will say this, this probably the first campaign in the history of political -- of presidential politics in recent history that we do not have a pollsters, we do not have wordsmiths always telling the candidate what to do.
What was your memory of the whole process?
Well, first of all, let me say, I am not going to see "Game Change."
What goes through the mind of a wife in this situation?
It is day by day.
Well, the prize is so great, isn't it?
It is great.
But do you think it is time that one or two of the candidates pulled out?
Well, let's step back just a little bit.
I mean did you think that he was being bigoted, Kirk Cameron?
You know --
Is it too harsh to say that?
CCAIN: It is too harsh.
And what did you think of Rush Limbaugh's comments?
I -- I am -- I'm strongly -- I strongly disagree.
But that's the sense that came through, wasn't it?
Yes, I know.
Should someone like him be on air after saying something so offensive?
Yes.
What do you think of this video clip?
Well, it's a very interesting video clip.
Who cares?
Law school.
Why didn't we see it in 2007 or 2008?
It's an indictment of Ben.
What's your view of all this?
I have to correct Ben real quick, because we actually had the footage.
Is it a valid thing to whack the president with or is it a lot of hot air about nothing, do you think?
I am just worried about it becoming a distraction.
It would seem, from an outsider, that Romney is going to walk this, wouldn't it?
I think it's not a question of if.
They've got to work out the moment when they are going to press the button on the nominee, haven't they?
I don't know if there's the moment, but they certainly don't want it to go all the way up to the convention.
Or does the constant mudslinging by his competitors now in his party kill the brand a bit?
He seems to be -- I agree with Amy.
Let me start with you, Carol?
July.
Amy?
The month when it is exactly right.
Dana?
July probably.
Ben?
I think they'll lock it up in May, maybe confirm it in June.
But you've lost a bit of weight, haven't you, and buffed up a bit?
Well, I wouldn't say that, no.
How are you finding the pace of it?
ANTORUM: Oh, I've got to tell you, I love it.
I mean, obviously, you're partly responsible, but why is he not getting, as he would see it, due credit for results?
Well, I think most of the, quote, "experts" have looked at the fact, which is the states early on were fairly well stacked in his direction.
Am I right on assuming that she rang you a few times that week?
Oh, yes, the snob comment did not go over very well.
Now that you've had time to reflect on what he said, do you want to go a little further?
Well, well, I -- to be honest with you, I haven't really paid much attention to it.
He doesn't?
He does not run the party.
You'd view that as pretty offensive?
Well, of course not, no.
Is he a liar then?
Well, this goes to the snob, snobbish, issue, which is, you know, he clearly did not tell the truth, that you don't necessarily go and, you know, accuse the person of -- on a personal level.
If America were to get involved in another military action based on a hunch or a premise that, you know, Ahmadinejad and his cohorts there did have nuclear weapons and it turned out they didn't, it would be another disaster, wouldn't it?
Well, they've actually admitted, and inspectors have already certified, that they've -- you know, have a number of centrifuges, they're enriching uranium, far, far -- already far beyond what is necessary for nuclear power.
Now the question is, how far along are they?
Turning to Syria, obviously, John McCain yesterday came out and said, quite stridently, it's time to launch airstrikes against the leadership there.
Is it time that America got involved in some kind of military action?
Well, I mean, this is a related issue to Iran, because, you know, Syria is just a puppet state anymore of Iran.
And I suppose my question for you would be, given the way that the gay marriage debate is going, gay rights debate is going, is it time that people, even if they have strong religious conviction on this issue, stop using inflammatory language to demean the gay community?
Well, here's what I would say about this.
Did you personally find anything Kirk Cameron said offensive?
ANTORUM: You know, I hate to sound like I'm completely out of touch with what's going on in the popular culture, but I did not hear Kirk Cameron's remarks, so I don't know what he said.
I suppose the obvious question is, it's not really a film or a documentary, it's an election campaign promo, right?
It's a film, Piers.
What is the essence of this?
Well, I think what the opportunity of this movie is, you know, we're used to looking at politicians and politics in a very small window.
But, you know, you've got to be careful as a filmmaker if you're making a thing like this but he doesn't come over as too everything Barack Obama touches is wonderful, haven't you?
Well just because I live in L.A. doesn't mean I'm a sycophant.
What are the negatives in your movie about Barack Obama?
Well, I mean the negative for me was there were too many accomplishments.
The only negativity about Barack Obama is there are too many positives?
That was the negative -- excuse me, that was the negative for me.
But are there any negatives in there?
I think there are negatives in the sense that the challenges, when you're trying to pass health care in a really toxic environment -- there are negatives in terms of the opposition he had, in terms of the political climate in Washington.
But where do you find fault in him, personally?
I -- you know, I don't.
He's a perfect human being?
Well, no.
I mean, are you dispassionate enough to do a Barack Obama video?
But, Piers, you haven't seen the movie.
How much did it cost and who paid?
Well, I'll let the campaign tell you that.
What is the next move for your organization?
Well, I still don't know if the whole world knows.
Why not 200 million?
I want to go for a billion.
The question, really, I guess is what do you think can actually come of this in the next couple of months, say?
Right.
What can you say about that?
USSELL: Yes.
What do you say to that?
I say to anyone who is watching, go to the LRACrisisTracker.com -- LRACrisisTracker.com This is a real time website.
And where do you take that part of the operation?
Yes.
You don't -- you were at the baby shower and you don't remember one was a girl and one was a boy?
My humble apologies.
How are you?
ANNON: I'm good.
Did you know what happened?
Yes, it was a few things.
Was there a moment when you thought, I'm in real trouble here?
I've tried to be optimistic the entire time.
Are you doing that?
I have to.
Why have you wanted to do that?
Oh, for so many reasons.
Now, more importantly, how is your lovely wife?
She is amazing.
And she pleased or not very pleased that you are now horizontal for six hours more in the day?
She actually is more pleased because we're both horizontal next to each other.
Elaborate on that for me and what did you mean by that?
It was quite interesting, because when we found the news out, I was in the hospital in -- we were looking at -- watching CNN in my hospital bed, and you know, Mariah took it extremely hard, and, you know, because not only was that someone who was her peer, it's also a close friend.
It's very true, isn't it?
Yes, absolutely.
Has this whole experience for you made you reevaluate your life?
Absolutely, 100 percent.
Any other compliments?
ANNON: Not really.
Really?
So there you go --
Yes?
-- has managed to achieve the impossible.
What was the idea behind this?
Well, as a pastor, helping people, I answer a lot of questions, we do a lot of counseling.
But only in marriage?
Only in marriage.
So you -- you never had sex before marriage?
I did and I was wrong.
But why was -- why should it be one rule for her and one rule for you?
I think I was selfish and I think I was being a hypocrite.
Do you think -- given you're so traditional, do you think a woman's place is really at home, looking after children?
I think it depends on the woman.
What's your position on that?
Yes, we do have a section in there on contraception.
Yes, but I mean, should you be so bending with your religious positions and (INAUDIBLE)?
Yes, well for me, honestly, it goes back to the Bible.
I mean you're not your average pastor, are you?
I don't know.
Is that part of the problem?
I think we should take Jesus seriously.
Do you think you're a tolerant kind of guy?
I love people very much and it's -- it's --
But do you preach tolerance?
I've preached that we should love our neighbor, that we should accept --
What -- what do you mean by tolerance?
Tolerating people who may have a lifestyle or a belief that you don't agree with.
What did you think of that?
To be honest with you, I haven't seen the whole thing.
I mean do you think that homosexuality is a sin?
The Bible says, on six occasions --
What do you think?
I believe that all sex outside of heterosexual marriage.
But given eighty states in America now have legalized gay marriage, that's fine, right?
Well, no.
I mean, no one's taking much account of the anti- fornication laws, are they?
Yes, I do -- I don't want to be the one to enforce those laws or go around --
So let's get to the point where there is one day a vote, right?
Yes.
Would I officiate same-sex weddings and things of that nature?
Yes.
-- right?
Yes.
How are you functioning on a daily basis now?
I'm going to tell you, in some ways, but for the grace of God, but also for the fact that I literally had decided -- I had a choice about 12 years ago, either live down to the expectations of doctors who told me I would be in a wheelchair four years; this disease is so devastating, you may as well give up; you've got to stop working.
What have you done?
I have changed my diet.
And it can be any vegetables?
Pick any fruits you want and any vegetables.
It's all completely healthy?
All completely healthy, all natural.
There's spinach in that?
Spinach.
How are we going to fix America from a business point of view, in the way that you would with your diet?
You got it.
You mean the Rush Limbaugh?
Yes.
What do you do with it?
We remove it from the community.
Why did you choose this road?
When I'm watching those supercells go right over these small communities, I want to be here to help.
Why do you say to that?
It's very interesting, because in the last few days, I don't know why the media decided to deflect Rush Limbaugh's comment and put something I said two and a half years ago on Air America in this context.
If you were an economic political doctor and you could treat America right now, what are the key things that need to be done?
America has been in a national depression.
Has the aspiration of being a celebrity now taken over almost anything else in life for young people?
My friend, there's nothing -- there's not one thing on television that doesn't reward you and try to make you a excellent, from being the garbage man to the rattlesnake biter to the one who bit you, to the -- everybody.
I don't -- really?
And while he tries to form the question, I'll tell you who's with me tonight.
Not at all?
I went to a Jewish high school, gloom.
Yes, the teachers say, yes, you can sing, but you're Jewish, go to work, learn, you know?
We don't have any Jews at McKinley High.
I love how you say I looked down and there was a great bunny slipper and you say, why -- why is my bunny slippers so gray?
Right, right.
Did you pay?
I didn't.
Do we understand each other?
Yes.
And you look at Robin Williams, you know?
Robin Williams is --
What's so terrible?
Yes, I say actress, too.
So are you into politics?
Not at all.
Why do you hate it?
First of all, the joke is, the Obamas are the white person -- people now.
Didn't you say in your movie Jack Lemon walked out once?
Yes.
One of your first roles you played a lesbian in the '50s in a play and you're in love with Barbra Streisand?
Yes.
This is -- yes, pre-"Funny Girl," right?
Pre-"Funny Girl."
No?
Not at all.
The two of you?
IVERS: Yes.
Was that great?
Yes, that was -- she went through the gift thing and like took everything.
And you kissed her?
Smack on the lips.
Isn't that something?
Yes.
If I was to use her, who's going to watch?
I have done a lot of understudying where you're kind of -- you're kind of get there in the right place at the right time kind of accidentally.
What do you want?
I know.
I will take anything, you know?
That's because you love the craft.
You still do?
I work at the West Bank --
Yes?
You look great.
Does it hurt your feelings, too?
Of course.
It affects your self-esteem?
Totally.
What self-esteem?
Yes.
Do you have a twin brother?
I don't.
See?
I don't.
And you do it yourself or do you have someone come over?
On important days I have someone comes over.
Is it yours?
Well, Joan, coming up soon, we're going to be speaking of is this yours, Melissa Rivers, yours --
What kinds of conduct, verbal conduct might be problematic?
Once I had a boss come in and say oh, I had a sex dream about you last night.
Who was it?
I'm not telling you.
Was it Oprah?
The point was --
YNCH: How does it make you feel to know that everybody witnessed that humiliation?
I didn't really have a choice.
Are you as compelled as your mother?
I don't know any other way.
That date book of yours is full now, isn't it?
I call mine the career.
How many times?
That's a good one.
Have you been in love after?
Thank you.
Could you keep that to yourself?
-- your father.
How long were you together?
We were together until -- about 10 and a half years and then he cheated on me.
That was it?
At that age, an old guy --
Have you ever been in love?
I don't think so.
Were you in love with your ex-husband?
When we met, yes.
Is he an active father?
Yes.
What do you think is going to go down for the Republicans in this primary?
Well, he who predicts -- he who looks into the crystal ball in this cycle ends up eating glass, as we say.
Do you think that if he becomes the nominee -- and it looks like he probably will -- that the party will be able to unify around him, that there will be some energy and some wind at his back coming into the general election?
First, let me say, I never had grits until I moved down here.
Is that true, Mary Matalin?
Yes, we call it a cosmetology license, and I'm very good.
How does it feel to be the most famous person in Grand Forks, North Dakota?
Well, it's -- obviously it's overwhelming, it's wild, crazy.
Maybe in the summer?
Yes, yes.
What was your response?
Yeah.
Have you ever been to an Olive Garden?
I sure have.
How are you, sir?
Good to see you, Donny.
First up, how are you feeling?
Feel great.
What is -- give me the heart -- take me through a day in the life and happening, just what it is to live with this stuff?
Well, I mean, the largest part of the day, 99 percent of the day, is the same as everybody else's day.
Tracy runs the show, right?
Tracy is the CEO (ph).
You're on -- are you on drugs right now, as we speak?
I'm on all kinds of drugs.
He gets in, how does your life get affected?
Well, I mean, he's spoken out against science.
You did get the job, didn't you, because you really didn't sing it that well?
I got the job.
Would he still be a Republican?
You know, I always say he would be converted to being a Democrat now or be in jail.
(INAUDIBLE) insider trading?
Yes, back in the days of Drexel Burnham.
I sing like Mitt Romney, you notice that?
Yes, I do, actually.
Such as?
I think -- I think there's some issues around Gitmo and privacy and some other things like that that I thought -- I thought would be handled by now, just things that can mess around the edges that I thought might have been cleaned up and just from an idealistic point of view.
Has he done enough on stem cell?
I'm not a surrogate.
What happens then?
Well, we can't fund that.
What?
You hid it at the beginning.
What would you say if there's a young person out there, and just yesterday they found out they have Parkinson's, what would you say to them?
Just don't let -- don't let others project onto you what you're experiencing.
Can I get you a soda or something, Larry?
Sure, that'd be great.
Did you shake that up on purpose?
Parkinson's.
When Larry called you, what did he say, let's do Parkinson's?
Yes, it was great.
EUTSCH: So in that scene, it's basically, OK, you're going to shake up the Coke, spill it on me, other than that, it's just go and you guys (INAUDIBLE)?
Yes, yes.
You guys know what you're doing there, don't you?
He -- well, he's brilliant.
So we're cool?
We will be cool in about seven minutes.
Can you come back in like a minute, give us a minute?
I'd like six minutes and 31 seconds.
Forget whatever the physical challenges, is there a role that's not going to turn you on that somehow doesn't move the needle for disability or for Parkinson's?
OX: Yes, I mean, sure.
Ann?
I always think the camera can tell.
You do?
Yeah.
First time they tell you at 25, what goes through your head?
Well, I didn't freak out because I knew nothing about the illness.
What is the key?
There's no hierarchy of suffering.
So why would they?
EUTSCH: We're going to take a break, guys.
What's the secret, seriously, all kidding aside?
I think a sense of humor, flexibility and the ability to walk away.
What the heck does that mean?
I don't mean -- I mean walk away from bad moments.
Does that help you in your own?
No, we don't have enough time to help me.
You see that ad, forget politics aside, what is your reaction, just from getting somebody elected?
Planned Parenthood for the Christian right is a symbol.
They can't win this way?
I agree with you.
But is it going to come back to bite them?
I have never seen the Republican party dragged this far to the right in the primary process.
Have you seen anything like this?
To this extent, no.
So as somebody who obviously wants everything to be cured, but M.S. is clearly going to be first on your list, how do you come to terms with that?
The NIH budget is frozen at about 30 billion dollars, which pays for about 2.5 months in Afghanistan.
"Viva Rock Vegas"?
You're not kidding.
Blu-Ray?
That's exactly right.
That's on the card, right?
No, it's not on the card.
But you never did stand-up?
I didn't start until about three and a half years ago.
What do you do?
I do colleges.
Do you still do it?
I don't.
Would you do it ever again?
'DONNELL: You know, actually I went back about three years ago.
How many kids in your family?
There are three.
You were born in Rome, Italy?
CHALE: My dad was the dean of students at the Loyola Center, Rome campus, for Chicago, Illinois -- Chicago, Loyola Chicago.
And were you Oliver?
No.
And you enjoy singing, I take it, if that was a musical production?
Well, it was a kids' production, so they would take just about anything.
And in high school, you were athletic, I take it?
I played a lot of sports.
The singers, FOX?
Yes, OK.
In college, as well?
Yes, not well.
You didn't?
I didn't hear that.
Didn't you tweet something?
She tweeted me that she was going to watch the -- she was going to go on a date.
How did you do that?
We thought, actually, that was too many days, when we told the joke.
And is it awkward and weird?
No, because she's really nice and charismatic.
Ryan Seacrest?
He's right here.
But you're actually friendly with him, yes?
We are friendly.
Has anyone ever become very angry and contacted you?
Without exception, no one has said you're going down.
As often as possible?
No matter how badly we make fun of them.
I was one of the legion of fans that was saying what happened?
Bless you.
Can we put -- well, no, it said something like -- doesn't it say things about the person as they're down there?
Sometimes it does.
Stud muffin?
I sort of feel like -- no, like doesn't like ice in his drinks.
Sore gums?
-- citrus fruit.
That's just a happy day, right?
Oh, it was a -- I was OK with it.
What kind of a dad are you, strict?
I -- my wife is way more even keel.
And where did you meet?
And well, I mean I gave the kid cigarettes just a few years ago, because I'm like I don't even want to start on this.
Has fame affected your ability to be out in public with your family?
Oh, it's so hard, Rosie.
Not at all?
It's not -- it's not bad.
And didn't you promise to French kiss every man and woman who participated?
Every man and woman, I will French kiss, for all that.
Who did you look up to and go, hey, that's the person I'd like to be like?
Wow.
Now have you ever met any one of these people and then been star struck?
Well, I did it -- yes, I'm totally.
And was he as you had imagined?
He was that and more so.
Are your kids funny?
Yes.
He does?
It's pretty great.
Four?
And I love it.
'DONNELL: You would?
Well --
Really?
Yes.
Come on, is she amazing?
A legend.
Were you ever mad?
No, I thought it was hysterical.
Watch "Community," will you?
Let's hope it does well.
Please stay, will you?
I'm staying for that.
Anjelica, how are you?
I'm great, Rosie.
How perfect is the show?
It's fantastic.
This is the first time that you've done series TV, yes?
It is.
Are we going to get to see Ilene sing finally?
We are.
Was it nerve racking when you had to do that?
Totally nerve racking but we have two amazing composers on the series, Scott Wittman and Marc Shaiman and they got me through it.
Right?
And actually -- god, what was it called, our tango, Raul's and my tango and --
In the "Addams Family"?
USTON: Yes.
Well, when they asked you to do this, what made you consider coming to New York and doing series TV?
Well, first of all, the writing on the series was so good.
So your husband Robert who everyone loved, tremendous artist and he passed away about three years ago now?
That's right.
And that must have been very difficult to imagine how to move forward?
It was.
Does she sing a ballad when she gets to sing?
She sings a little something her grandfather used to sing.
Did you feel pushed or drawn or pulled?
I have a baby book that I started writing in as soon as I could kind of spell in which I -- I say I want to be an actress.
Did you -- anyone say to you this has Oscar potential?
No, but there's something about really good material that you feel like a squirrel with a nut in your cheek, you know.
do you want to do it?
Well, yeah.
Do you remember winning?
On "The Oriental."
What did your dad say to you after you won, do you remember?
He was happy.
How come?
You aren't tough enough.
What has happened that we are fighting again for reproductive rights in America?
Unbelievable.
How does that work now with this decision?
Yes, that can happen.
Do you think he will feel justice was served?
Oh, I do.
Did Ravi's tweets nail him?
I think they did.
So, when we look back one day at this like it was Brown versus Board of Education for social media, will this be a precedent, Lisa?
This is only a trial decision.
You want to explain?
Most states do have hate crime laws.
Kids who are bullied, kids who are bullies, what should we as parents be telling their children?
The most importance thing I tell parents, not what they tell themselves.
Did Ravi try to apologize but we think the message never got to Clementi?
He -- there's some conversation he had with him that still is unknown.
How you guys doing?
Doing great.
Doesn't she look wonderful, man?
She's beautiful.
ALL: Together doing an interview?
Doing an interview like this.
How did you meet?
Well, I saw -- you know, we were at a party, at a club, and we had just finished final exams.
What was the dance back then?
Back then, you go to the freak or you go down to the floor, and she could really do it.
She could drop it like it was hot before you were dropping it like it was hot?
Exactly.
You want to take it from there, baby?
Well, you know, after we met, we went on our separate ways.
Did he have a specific reputation as a ladies' man?
Not yet.
But what was it about, that conversation?
I think, Arsenio it was just the way she carried herself.
Right?
And, yes.
You know?
But I watched you.
Why did you play it that way?
Come on, man.
Was there a moment where you looked at him, and felt -- I could go the distance with this man?
Well, you know what it was, it was comfort, there was a comfort level.
Back then?
Yes.
Twice?
Twice, yes.
Do you remember either of the reasons for calling the engagement off?
Yes.
What did he do wrong?
No, he didn't do anything wrong.
Am I saying it right?
Yes.
Where were you when he first told you that he was HIV positive?
We were at home in our office, in our den area, yes.
He was supposed to be playing and you get a call from a guy who should be in the warm-up doing layups?
Yes, he was like in Denver or somewhere, yes.
What was that ride like to her, to give her this news?
Arsenio, the worst ride of my life, because when you make a mistake, it actually hurts other people.
Now, you had just found out like two days ago?
Yes.
Right, Cookie?
No.
What did you do in that moment when he said it to you?
Well, first of all, I was like, devastated.
People joked about it, but nobody really you knew really had it, you know?
In the movie -- ESPN 33's announcement, I think there's a moment where you joked and said, I thought maybe he wanted a divorce.
You had no idea?
No, we had such a hard time, back and forth, engagement, getting married.
Like a "Days of Our Lives" soap opera tap?
A little harder than that.
Did you even feel it?
Oh, yes.
Dr. Ho, he's the acclaimed researcher of AIDS in this country?
Right.
And by the way, all of this happened because of an insurance medical test?
Yeah.
Did you lose friends?
No, not really.
Never an argument?
But there were problems.
You know what I mean?
It's amazing.
Huh?
Yeah.
Tell me about this play?
Well, it's going to be a play about Larry and I, our life on the basketball court and away from the court as well.
What would make you look in the opposite direction from that sport and say, I want that now?
I think I'm -- Arsenio, I'm a big baseball fan.
Where did that come from?
I created this jean for a women with curves.
So I thought why not create a jean with that style, with those styling, with the premium qualities, that fit a woman with a curve?
When a woman is frustrated and it's your wife, you as the husband get that frustration.
Go online, you have a website?
Yes, CJByCookieJohnson.com.
Do you think it changed politics forever?
Without a doubt it changed politics forever.
Don't you think so?
Well, let me answer the question, then I have one for you.
Piers, my question to you is how did you pull it off?
Well, at that time, because he was a governor, I didn't really see the magnitude of what could happen.
Why is politics so mean this year?
The country is fractured and the Republican party, at the moment, is fractured into a number of different groups.
Mrs. Santorum, how are you?
Hi, Piers.
But the fact that they all prayed for you, did you feel now you've been strengthened by the power of prayer from that audience before you confront me?
That's good.
How do you think he's fairing?
Piers, Rick is amazing.
You know, there's a bit of work to be done here, isn't there, Karen?
I'm working on it, Piers.
What did you think of that?
Exactly.
Is he anti-us having contraception?
Not at all.
Well, what is his view?
Not at all.
When you say he'll do nothing on the contraception issue, do you mean that if he was to become president that he would basically respect a woman's right to have contraception if that's what she chose to do?
Absolutely.
How often do you pick that phone up and say, Rick, you shouldn't have said that?
Well, we talk a lot throughout the day, Piers.
If he does, why should American women also love your husband?
Well, because he's a man who cares deeply about the heart and soul of America.
What the hell that does that mean?
I'm going to have to ask her.
What do you think -- what do you think she meant?
Well, I think when you're dealing in snippets with little sound bites you really don't get the full picture of -- who somebody is.
When she was on bended knee proposing, what were you thinking?
I said, oh, my gosh.
It's getting completely out of hand and actually becoming destructive to the party?
Well, first of all, I believe there are good people on both sides of almost every issue in that regard.
What's the problem?
ROWN: Well, you'd have to certainly speak to Mitt and his team.
Is it an issue, do you think, his friends slightly -- it frustrates you that he can't get that side over?
Well, I know that when it comes to dealing with the economic issues, there's no one I would trust more than Governor Romney.
What it Gene Simmons singing through the screen?
No phones, no iPad.
What is it with you and Gene Simmons?
Actually, I went to a Kiss concert.
You actually want me to comment on that?
Yes.
How do you personally feel about that?
Well, it's settled law in Massachusetts.
How do you keep America great?
You need to -- we need your debt and deficit under control.
Other than that?
No, that's the key.
Assuming you do that, what else do you do to -- to maintain America's greatness in the world?
You need to create jobs.
What is wrong with that?
Have the president from Apple on.
What do you think of that argument?
I think that you need to make America competitive again.
That's it?
That's it.
You have so much more to say, right?
I do.
Frank, how are you?
I'm good.
How are you?
You've been out there in the Green Room listening to all this, Karen Santorum and then Scott Brown.
Is it their fault that we've been debating little else but abortion and contraception and other social issues like that?
To a large extent, yes, it's been embedded in the dynamics of the Republican primary.
Were you surprised to hear her say that?
It was interesting the way she said it.
Who would have a better chance of beating Barack Obama, very quickly?
Not --
Santorum or Romney, we'll offer two?
Romney, Romney.
-- who's president?
It depends on what happens between now and then.
Once answer?
Not doing that.
I mean in the general context of the whole race, are we nearing the tipping point?
Yes, I think it's a very impressive night for Mitt Romney.
Gloria?
You know, here's the problem for the Republican Party.
I mean if he's the guy with the money, the infrastructure, the drive, and he can present a good case to beat Barack Obama, and the economy is his area of special -- specialty, which is what it's going to be fought over, why does it matter if a field of diehard conservatives don't really love him?
Well, Piers, it does matter, but it's not the only thing that matters.
How does Mitt Romney, if he wins the nomination, make his own party and the vote that comes with it love him enough to drive Barack Obama out of the White House?
I think it's about hate, not love.
How significant do you guys think tonight is for your campaign?
Well, it's 21 states now, Piers, that Governor Romney has won.
I mean do you accept that your campaign tonight seem to be realigning itself back to where it began?
Well, I think we've stayed on jobs and the economy from the very beginning of this campaign back in April of 2011.
Is it time for at least some of the contestants here left in the Republican race to pull out, do you think?
Well, that's a personal decision.
What will he do about his areas of weakness now to really cement this nomination?
Well, I think one of the interesting data points coming out of the Illinois exit polls is that Mitt Romney won among those people who said he understands the problems of average Americans.
Well, given you're all in so much good moods over there at the Romney camp, how about giving me your man for another interview?
OK.
What are your thoughts after tonight?
Thank you for having me, Piers.
Is it time for some of the others, not necessarily your man, but some of them to drop out?
Well, let me put it this way.
What do you say to that?
RABENDER: Well now I think what it really is is Rick is an authentic candidate who doesn't use a teleprompter.
-- to get himself over the line?
Romney has to win almost half of all of the delegates, as well.
How do you respond to that heat?
Well, I'm sitting here in Baton Rouge which is a few miles away from LSU.
Where is the love?
I mean, it's just not there.
I mean, to me, whoever wins the nomination has got to be well-funded enough to take on a rampant president, hasn't it?
No, that's right.
I mean it's completely unthinkable that one of these guys could yet make another stunning comeback?
For me, it's too early to call Santorum out because we still have a few more states to go.
He's lost a bit of the surge, hasn't he?
I think he's lost a lot of momentum.
You want to keep hitting the stuff that you're good at, don't you?
Right.
How are you going to get other maybe Republicans actually to come out and fancy him, too, with the same ardent fervor that you do?
Well, Piers, first of all, I don't think it even matters.
How you are feeling about that?
Well, you know, Piers, it's pretty -- it's pretty exciting and to think that I'm sharing with you, that's even more exciting.
Has he been generous?
He's been -- he's been very kind.
Will he be watching this interview?
OMNEY: He's watching.
Is there anything you'd like to say to your husband on this special occasion?
Hi, sweetheart.
You are talking to Mitt, right?
I am talking -- yes, not to you, Piers.
Both 16 at the time?
He's a much more senior person.
And you've sort of fallen for each other?
Actually I was -- right.
What do you think the public aren't seeing about your husband that they should be seeing?
Well, to begin with, I don't accept the premise.
What has been the most offended you felt as his wife on the campaign so far?
You know, I think sometimes -- you know, what happened -- I will tell you, Piers, what happened to me last time, four years ago, is the misrepresentations about records and different things like that where they make you feel as though you're not being honest or you're not true to yourself which could not be further from the truth.
What do you think about the way that debate has been framed?
Well, you know, again, I really meant what I said last night because I have been in every -- practically every state of this nation and I've been speaking to hundreds of people every single day and seeing people.
Are you having words with Mitt's senior aides about their little gaffe today?
You know, this is the distractions -- this is exactly what happens in a campaign.
What was your view of that?
I laughed.
What kind of reaction do you expect from your shareholders?
Well, I think the backdrop of our meeting today is that Starbucks had record revenues and the stock price hit the highest level in its history today.
Do they understand the problem and the solution?
Well, I think there is a lot of rhetoric right now because of how fierce this competition has been.
And how much actually comes down to individual bosses of companies like yourself to take initiatives that spur the economy forward?
I think that's an interesting question.
What is your ultimate superpower that you choose?
If I had to one, it's not one that is very sexy, patience.
Who is the closest hero that has that power?
I go for the original choice.
What about the rights of the guy he's killed?
I don't know, but --
What about Trayvon Martin's rights?
You're a parent.
Would it be different if this was a black shooter and a young white boy who had been killed?
Probably, of course.
Anything massively surprising there?
No, really not.
That she had a massive heart attack of some sort and then drowned?
Something like that.
Is the guy that shot this young boy going to get arrested?
Well, we don't know if he'll get arrested or when he'll get arrested.
I'm doing well, how are you?
I'm going to come back to the campaign in just a moment.
What is your view?
Well, my view is that the local district attorney is doing exactly the right thing.
And secondly, at what point politically does it become damaging to you to continue to stay in the race if the current rate of delegate gains and state wins by Mitt Romney continues at the pace that it's now happening?
Well, there are three answers.
Newt Gingrich, how do you respond to the charge from one of Hollywood's great actors that you are a hypocrite?
Well, first of all, no matter what words go back and forth between us, Callista and I were delighted to be at the Kennedy Center Honors when he was honored.
Did you really feel offended by Robert De Niro or was it just a chance to whack a Democrat?
I really think the use of racism by Democrats is just as bad as the use of racism by Republicans, and I really think it's wrong to use racial references like that, period.
That the kind of vicious, nasty things he said are OK?
ORGAN: No, I actually -- I actually think --
-- vicious, nasty things in the left?
No, but it's interesting you mention Bill Maher because he wrote a very good piece in "The New York Times" today precisely about America's collective sense of humor failure.
Because everyone is saying that to him about you, but the same applies to you, isn't it?
Well, it applies both ways.
Are they going to tell Sanchez, move over, because now we have to give Tebow and the wildcat formation time to practice?
Yes.
He is not Broadway Joe, is he?
Well, I tell you, the way the Jets have played recently, they need the Good Lord on their side.
So you don't think it will be too much temptation for him coming to a city like New York?
Oh, hey, this young man, I've had had the pleasure of watching him work since he started college in Florida.
I mean isn't that part of the game?
Well, it's part of the game when you don't intentionally want to maim someone, when you don't intentionally say, we need to knock this guy out and you're going to get a bonus if he's carried off the field or you're going to get a different bonus if he has to leave the game.
How long have you two been married?
Twenty --
Seven?
And you're still holding hands.
Is this because you're nervous or you still love each other?
No, no, no, we're all right.
Was it true?
I mean I can't imagine.
Who's going to be your co-host?
Yes, exactly.
Are you excited about this?
I feel so bad for Mark Sanchez.
This is not good news, is it?
Well, I tell you, I think -- I used to do sports years ago and I love sports.
And I'm sure that, you know, if you were still doing the news broadcast and you feel the same way I do, which is, this whole thing of "Stand Your Ground," allowing someone to just apparently follow after this unarmed kid and kill him and not even be arrested in America today?
Well, you know, I saw Andrea Mitchell on that other cable station.
Yes, but to me, what bothers me more is, how does the Florida Supreme Court allow that law?
Unbelievable.
But I just think it's crazy, crazy, isn't it?
Yes.
Where did you get that from?
Yes.
Is that right?
Yes.
And you got the scoop?
Well, no.
Isn't that strange?
That was President Nixon for you.
It's vicious, isn't it?
It's -- I mean, I really believe -- I mean, Reagan -- Ronald Reagan believed in the 11th amendment.
Will you come back?
Absolutely.
Is it a lawsuit?
It's actually a subpoena.
When was it?
Just like this -- never.
Really?
Yes.
Why are you doing this?
Well, you invited me and I'm intrigued by you, and I'm someone who watches your show almost every night, and I'm just intrigued and also, of course, it's an opportunity to talk about empowering women, empowering minorities and the fact that we still have not won complete equality in this country.
Which Gloria Allred are you?
Well, I'm the Gloria Allred who is an attorney at part of our law firm of Allred, Marco and Goldberg.
Do you believe that men and women should be absolutely equal in everything?
I do believe that, under the law, under the Constitution of the United States, and under our public policy, that women deserve and should have a right to enjoy equal employment opportunity.
Do you ever do anything for publicity?
We do cases of public interest and importance.
Or should there be equality because simply because a woman may not have the power of a man to play to that ability?
It really depends on the particular facts.
Do you feel as aggrieved for men who get treated badly by women bosses?
Well, we have --
Or is it all women against men?
Well, we actually have had a number of cases, where we represent men who have been discriminated against in employment, on account of their gender.
Does that worry you?
No, not at all, because we are a plaintiff's law firm.
Do you like that status?
Well, I like empowering my clients.
Why did you feel compelled to expose him?
Well, it matters if any man hurts any woman.
She was a porn, right?
They had -- she had -- she was an adult film star, yes.
And I just wonder sometimes, when you watch what she did afterwards, do you slightly sit back and go, maybe I should have left that one alone?
Not at all.
Really?
No.
Do you ever regret afterwards taking on cases, because of the way that perhaps the person you've been defending or prosecuting on behalf of, because of their behavior afterwards, you have moments of self-reflection afterwards?
No, I'm so proud of my clients and the courage they've shown.
Does she -- does she not care about Ms. Woods?
Of course, she did.
But do you care about women being hurt by men whom they trusted, whom they loved, who they had every reason to believe loved them?
I get that.
Ever?
They have to survive.
Or is it always strictly legal?
Well, we represent victims' rights.
Should having an affair preclude a man from running for office?
I think that if --
So, where do you draw the line?
Well, I think that politicians, if they are going to seek the highest office in our land, the presidency of the United States of America, they need to be honest with the American public, and just put it all out there, and not be hypocrites, not present themselves as the perfect family man.
Are you happy for him to restart politically, if you like?
Well, let me just say -- I mean, I'm not a person who's going to vote for any of the potential Republican nominees for the presidency of the United States.
What happened to that guy that raped you?
I have no idea.
Did you ever see or hear of him again?
I never did.
You never found out what happened to him?
Never found out.
What are your feelings towards him now?
LLRED: You know, I generally don't look back.
Were you able to forgive your first husband for the abuse when you discovered about this bipolar?
You know, it wasn't about forgiving.
How great is my mom?
She's pretty special, your mother.
She's given it to you, hasn't she?
Yes.
Does she?
I'll answer, too.
Is that true?
And no one can remember when I took a vacation --
You never have a vacation?
I've had a vacation -- well, years ago, I took my grandchildren on vacations --
ORGAN: Why?
Because I have too much to do to fight injustice that still exists for my clients, for women and minorities.
You have a 10-year-old car, is that true?
I do.
But then -- but then I come back to the Tiger Woods case that you heard us debating earlier where I kind of think, why would this women, who does all this incredible stuff, take on a porn star to basically flim/flam Tiger Woods, really?
Can I -- let me respond to that, Piers, because --
What do you think?
I'll tell you what I think.
Or the age discrimination case that we won?
Most of what she does.
Were you as proud?
Absolutely.
May I finish, please?
Yes.
Then why are you saying "porn star," as if that's relevant?
I'm just wondering whether, when your mother takes on a case like that, which is obviously so high-profile, obviously going to get so much attention, when you see this victim as she's being portrayed, go on to make another movie --
Well, so what?
-- in which she uses Tiger Woods --
And exploit it and commercialize it?
And she's a victim.
And why don't you spend as much talking about the fact that Tiger Woods should apologize to the women that he hurt?
He did apologize.
Well, do you like having this famous, infamous mother?
I love my mother.
Does she get mischaracterized, do you think?
Yes.
How much of that is her own fault for taking on cases which are inflammatory?
None.
Why does your mother take on celebrity cases?
Listen, we're talking about the media.
Can you not persuade your mother to drop all the scandalous celebrity cases?
Because I don't consider them to be scandalous celebrity cases.
Is that right?
They're not scandalous celebrity cases.
Why?
LOOM: The media -- because I care about them and they have viable -- they're human beings, Piers.
How many times have you been properly in love, Gloria?
OK.
ORGAN: Is it a lawsuit?
It's actually a subpoena.
Would you like to fall in love again?
No.
Really?
No, I don't have time, and I don't want to make that investment.
Really?
Much younger men.
Really?
We have a saying in the women's movement, become the person you wanted to marry.
What can you tell us about what's happened today?
Well, this came about as an unauthorized leak from somewhere in the investigation.
I mean, how credibly are people taking these police reports?
Well, we do have the reaction from the family.
Is it unfair towards George Zimmerman to be effectively declaring him guilty?
Well, that is unfair to declare him guilty a month after the whole thing went down.
Why is that?
Well, here's the thing.
What do you feel about a justice system that has that law?
That "Stand Your Ground" thingy, that "Stand Your Ground" law that they have in place, I don't understand it.
If he then turns around and punches him, and you assume that happened, does that give anyone the right to shoot him?
No.
What's it called?
It's called "Super Life."
What did you feel when you heard that?
That was beautiful.
Do you think America is more or less racist since getting its first black president?
Well, you know, I think we've seen some things happening and some things being said about Obama that I think were sort of on the racist side.
What do you think about that?
I find that very interesting.
But should they be allowed to be vigilantes?
No, I really don't.
Do you feel if it had been, for argument's sake, a 17- year-old white boy and a black man who had killed him, would we be in the same position?
Absolutely not.
You really believe that?
I truly believe that.
Him actually using a gun?
Yes.
What do you say to him?
Well, please, son, be careful.
Isn't it?
HAN: Yes.
And I understand that, is, you know, I mean, it took them three days to identify him, you know?
Ridiculous, too.
And your purpose with this -- just remind me -- is to do what?
Is to raise awareness in children and adults and everybody that you can't judge a person by what he's wearing.
How's your etching and sketching?
You shake it up like an Etch-a-Sketch.
You have an Etch-a-Sketch?
We're talking about big things here, folks.
How big a problem is it going to be for Mitt Romney, if he becomes the nominee, the fact that his own health plans were very similar to what Barack Obama is trying to get through?
Well, he should have problems in the Republican primary.
What do you make of it?
You know, the question unfortunately can be answered by another question, which is the best thing.
Is that what you're saying?
OLE: Well, not only the law that treats black boys.
What do you think of everything that's happened in the last month?
First of all, I do want to thank you for giving me the opportunity to speak about this.
Did you try and help her?
OLE: You know, I talked to Whitney.
Can you relate to that?
Oh my goodness, I had to cancel a New Years Eve show in Atlantic City a few years -- about two years ago.
Could she still hit the big notes?
She hit some of them, yeah.
Do you -- is your voice as good as it was, say, 20 years ago?
I don't know.
What do you feel watching that?
I'm just sad -- happy sad.
When you heard that Whitney had died, did you feel that it had been a wasted life or was it an inevitably short life that had amazingly high moments?
Yes.
Or both?
I don't know.
Of Whitney?
Yes.
What was going through your minds?
The first moment that I think something really was critically wrong was there was an off-duty pilot sitting a few rows behind and the flight attendants asked him to step into the cockpit.
What do you think had happened to him?
I really can't say what happened to him but I can tell you what I observed.
If you hadn't been, it could have been a very, very situation, couldn't it?
Yes.
I would imagine there was just huge panic, wasn't it?
That's an excellent question.
Yes, and Tony, once the plane landed, what was the next move?
Well, we were physically on top of this guy for about 20 minutes while the plane was descending.
I mean was there a moment when you guys were sitting on top of him, Paul, when given his size and his crazed condition, did you fear that he could break free and that, you know, everyone's lives would be in serious danger?
Piers, absolutely.
But what were your feelings as you came off?
You know, I have to say I think we're really just very thankful.
One is, have you had any drink coupons from JetBlue to say thank you yet?
No.
I mean, have you heard from anybody high up at the airline?
No, not as of yet.
What is your sense from the legal perspective of the way things are unfurling here?
Today the individual mandate was heard.
What is your personal emotional reaction to what they're going through and if I can ask you a difficult question, if this was your son who have been killed in these circumstances, would you not want to at least see an arrest and a legal process to go through that could determine the truth of what happened?
LIVER: You know, first of all, my heart goes out to the Martin family because I have an 18-year-old son.
What do you really believe happened?
Well, I believe what George has told me happened.
I mean, does he feel that -- when did you last speak to George?
Yesterday.
Does he feel it would have been easier now for him to have been arrested?
I haven't spoken with him about that.
But the fact that somebody could shoot a 17-year-old boy who is armed with just a pack of Skittles and not even be arrested, doesn't that say to you there's something wrong fundamentally with that law and it ought to be amended?
If that was all that this story was, I agree with you 100 percent.
With hindsight, that was clearly a catastrophic error of judgment on his part, wasn't it?
And here's what the evidence is going to show.
Who are the cannibals?
The cannibals are the Tea Party, are the Club for Growth.
Isn't that the reality?
Piers, I'm not talking about the dogs.
Well, where are these bodies buried?
These bodies are buried in ended careers.
Is it time for Newt Gingrich or Ron Paul or Rick Santorum to throw the towel in?
I think it is plainly going to be Romney as the nominee.
What was the purpose in writing it?
Any time you're around greatness, like I was for six years, and you see it at close quarters, you're asked about it.
I mean, as far as coach and player goes, it doesn't get much closer than that, does it?
That's a lot of time to spend with a player.
What did you make of him as a man?
Well, very complex.
How do you respond to that?
Well, I'm certainly not the first coach that's ever written a book.
What's your response to him?
Well, I mean, those rules are not written rules.
So I'm going to make money out of his intimate life in the way you have done?
No, not in any way, shape or form.
Could you quite believe what you were hearing when all these stories began to come out?
No, I couldn't because the first, you know, inkling that there might be a problem was Mark Steinberg, Tiger's agent, called me and told me that there was going to be an article coming out in "The National Enquirer," but that it wasn't true.
Would you have done if you had known?
I don't think it would be my place necessarily as a coach, but it would be my place, I feel like, as a friend.
Do you feel that he's changed at all since the scandal?
You know, I think he's probably softened some.
Could he win the Masters this year, do you think?
He's definitely striking the ball well.
What is your reaction to this video?
We just looked at the video and we were just surprised of -- because, according to the police report, he sustained injuries, Zimmerman sustained injuries, but when we looked at the video, it was obvious that there were no visible injuries.
How significant is this from a legal point of view?
Piers, this is -- smoking gun.
I mean, from everything that you have seen, that you've read, that you've heard, what do you believe is the most likely set of circumstances that led to your son being killed?
I believe that George Zimmerman hunted my son like an animal, tried to detain my son.
Sybrina, do you believe if your son had been white and George Zimmerman had been black, that he would have been arrested, George Zimmerman?
I absolutely believe that my son would have been arrested.
What is it, as his mother, that you would like to see happen next?
I would like George Zimmerman arrested immediately.
And do you believe that the video that's emerged tonight should lead to that arrest on the basis that the story that's been put out here in George Zimmerman's defense, that he was being beaten so badly he feared for his life, cannot, as this video would suggest, be true?
I believe that this video is the icing on the cake.
And I just want -- I would just ask him, why did he in fact take my son's life and how does he feel about taking my son's life?
And Sybrina, many believe that you are suffering perhaps even more now since losing your son by the attempt by some people to assassinate his character, to bring out all this stuff about his behavior in school and so on which portrays him in a very damaging light.
What do you say to that?
It bothers me as a mother to hear all of those negative things about my son.
What did you make of what they were saying?
You know, I'm a parent.
But it's just one of those situations where every parent in America, in the world would say, what happened?
It's really important, it seems to me, that you have to allow the legal process to take its course.
Doesn't give you the right to pull out a gun and shoot him in the street, is it?
We're bringing back the Wild West.
When was the first time that you realized there was racism in America?
I experienced it for the first time with the Commodores.
Really?
Yes.
You understand?
I understand.
Am I moving you?
The thing about you was you had all the Commodore stuff.
Would it really?
It would be "Easy" or "All Night Long."
Are you for real a sensitive, romantic, loving type of guy?
I am a hopeless romantic.
How many times have you been properly in love in your life?
God, you would ask that question.
You remember that?
I do remember.
Do I have to say it out loud?
Yes.
And how old was she?
And I should say there was one more.
But these are your first loves?
These are the ones where you go, oh, my God.
So you married two of the three people you've been properly in love with?
Yes.
In what sense?
Well, you think a little bit more before you say I love you.
What have you really learned about love?
That you have to throw yourself into it.
How do you do it in your marriage?
Well, mine's easy.
Do they get on now?
Oh no, it's perfect.
Do you sing at these little tribal meetings?
Absolutely not.
Go on?
I will tell you right now, he's not in love yet.
You mean my first love was not enough?
No.
Who is the biggest romantic sexual singer you've ever deployed?
Holy cow.
Has to be?
Has to be.
You understand me?
I think I understand.
Ever had a Barry White night?
Barry White and Smoky Robinson.
And candle lit rooms?
You understand.
You understand?
I understand.
Do you understand that?
I understand that.
You like that?
That was better than mine.
What does the pressure of performance become like when you're going through that deterioration?
You are going through what we call panic, because we are perfectionists, or as I say, all artists -- we're egotistical maniacs with inferiority complexes.
I said who sang the best line?
The one that I loved the most was, there's a choice we're making
Why do you want to do this interview?
I think the tide has turned.
Has your family had death threats?
Oh, yes.
Credible threats?
Credible threats.
Against others?
You know, I'm really not at liberty to discuss exactly who was threatened or how they were threatened, but I can tell you that I, myself, have been contacted by law enforcement, too, because there was credible intelligence that could threaten me.
Why would your brother do that?
Well, you know, taking, from what you said, when you said chasing after and getting into an altercation, there's a lot of ways that people get into altercations.
You, personally?
Me, personally, I heard immediately after the incident.
Within an hour?
I would say within 24 hours.
So the next day?
Would be the closest I'm willing to narrow the window down of exactly when George spoke, yes, would be within the next 24 hours.
And what exactly did he tell you about what happened?
Well, some of the details have come out.
Which way is he running?
Down towards the entrance of the neighborhood.
When you say he stopped following, how do you know that?
I believe that's what George -- and that's what's in the police reports and that's what has been leaked and --
Wouldn't it?
Right.
It's only George's word, isn't it?
Correct.
What did George tell you Trayvon Martin allegedly did to him?
What has come out that I can talk about today is that Trayvon Martin somehow snuck up on him, and according to Mr. Crump, their own attorney, he was on -- we don't know if this is verifiable information, but he was on the phone with his girlfriend.
What did George tell you he say?
One of those things.
And when you say "attacked," what did George tell you Trayvon did to him?
Well, I don't know, I believe that at the time, George knew he had sustained some kind of injury to his face or his nose.
How do you explain that?
We're confident the medical records are going to explain all of George's medical history, because how he was treated at the scene and how he was not.
Have you talked to George about the video since it came out?
I'm not at liberty to say.
Does he have any injuries now?
His nose is still broken.
It's still broken?
His nose is still broken, yes.
A month later, it's still broken?
His nose.
Would you not, at the very least, if you're honest and candid about this, would you not have expected that person to at least be arrested, to at least perhaps face some kind of trial where the full evidence could come out?
Well, and -- you know, I take a -- I take a pause to that whole, you know, conjecture, again, of pulled out a gun and shot him.
That's not what happened, then?
No, it is not what happened.
But he did pull out a gun and shoot him, right?
Well, he stopped someone from disarming him and shooting him.
But he had the gun on him, right?
He had a permit to carry that gun --
Where was the gun?
The gun, I believe, was in his -- inside -- tucked inside his pant waist --
So he has pulled it out and he has fired it?
Well, he has taken control of his firearm, he prevented his firearm from being taken from him and used against him.
That Trayvon was trying to grab his gun to use against him?
My father also is on record yesterday night saying that.
UNIDENTIFIED 911 DISPATCHER: Do you need police, fire, or medical?
Maybe both.
Who was screaming there, Robert?
That's my brother.
What else could it have been?
It could have been anything.
What do you think he's saying?
That part -- that tape, it's my understanding, is not actually in the original 911 tapes.
What do you think you heard?
Right, I believe --
Or what do you think those two words were?
IMMERMAN: Again, I just -- I don't believe that, first of all, that they're words.
But what do you believe he was saying?
I have no idea that he was even saying anything.
Have you ever heard your brother utter a racist remark about anybody?
No.
I mean, you can't blame Trayvon Martin for wondering what the hell this guy's doing or who he is?
Well, you know, sadly, even your statements now are just a product of conjecture.
Do you believe that it was actually, with hindsight, a mistake for the police to effectively conclude on the night, he had no case to answer?
Yes, absolutely not.
Has George ever lied to you?
Not to my knowledge, no.
He's always been completely, 100 percent honest?
He's -- he would be the more honest of the two.
To his mother in particular?
Well, to his mother, you know, personally, myself, I can't speak for George, this is a tragedy.
What did you make of the interview that I just had with George Zimmerman's brother?
I don't know.
What do you think happened, from everything you've seen and read?
I don't know what happened.
Do you believe that any kind of altercation, if Trayvon was unarmed, justifies somebody shooting him?
Well, I just know that young man shouldn't be dead from this ordeal.
Do you believe that?
It doesn't matter what I believe or not.
How did he know that he had a gun?
To go for it.
Is this a law that should exist?
I don't know.
Do you think America, Mike, has become more or less racist since Barack Obama, an African-American, became president?
There's a great possibility, yes.
That it's become worse?
One hundred percent, yes.
How do you think Barack Obama's doing as president?
I don't know.
Now that your life has changed, and you have to pay bills, and you have to think about money and all those things, very different to when you had half a billion dollars and so on -- now that you're in that position and you can relate probably much better to people on the street, going through hardship, not having jobs and so on, do you think America is coming out of the bad times or do you think that it's still pretty set in the bad times?
I don't know.
How has she changed you?
That's -- like that -- you can't even fathom the ways.
What effect did that tragedy have on you, did you think?
I don't know.
To be a parent and losing a child, it's so unnatural, isn't it?
I don't know about that.
What kind of parent have you become?
I'm trying to become more understanding.
Do you miss that kind of wealth, or is it destructive, that kind of money?
No, I just miss having this whole ordeal with my family that I never had before.
How has she made you come to peace with yourself?
I don't know if I'm ever at peace with myself.
Do you still feel rages, occasionally, like you used to?
Periodically.
When you look back at your life, what is the period you're most ashamed of?
Well, I don't know.
When you look back on that, is that part of the problem, that you have people who just, they make money out of you being like that?
Well, of course I'm not that way anymore.
What reaction have you had from people to that?
I don't know.
If I could replay a moment for you now, you could relive, what would it be?
YSON: I don't know.
Do you think Cus D'Amato, who was this legendary trainer -- do you think he would look at the way Mike Tyson is today and feel that you finally worked that out?
No, he'll find something else wrong.
But he'd be proud of you, wouldn't he, for the way that you have rebuilt your life?
He'd be very happy by the way I'm trying to rebuild my relationship with my children and stuff.
Was he the father figure that you never really had?
There's no doubt about it.
When you have that kind of respect from somebody like him, it makes all the difference, doesn't it?
No doubt about it, because that was my goal.
When you became world champion for the first time, what did that moment feel like for you?
I don't know.
Who was screaming there, Robert?
That's my brother.
Natalie Jackson, what did you make of the interview I conducted with Robert Zimmerman?
Well, I thought it was more of the same that we've seen.
I mean -- do you believe that the family is conspiring to create a version of events best suited to a defense under the "Stand Your Ground" law in Florida?
Yes, I do.
Does he have injuries now?
His nose is still broken.
It's still broken?
His nose is still broken, yes.
What do you make of that?
Look, I'm not a doctor.
How do you explain that?
We're confident the medical records are going to explain all of George's medical history.
What are you talking habit?
Toure, calm down.
And are you abreast of more information than anybody else in America right now?
One thing I notice is obviously the Zimmerman family is banding together to try to keep George out of jail for the rest of his life.
Are you aware of that?
That's not the information that I had 30 minutes ago.
That's a pretty serious responsible piece of journalism, isn't it, Toure?
In the first days, in the first weeks of the situation, what many people were doing, what I was trying to do in that was to pile on and to say, hey, look, this guy is not doing the right thing.
What don't I understand about America?
You're showing you clearly don't understand the depth of the pain in the American soul that is at play in this situation.
Do you believe that George Zimmerman murdered Trayvon Martin?
Yes.
You've convicted him?
You asked me what I think.
How can they justify that?
I don't know how they justify it.
Would that be OK for you?
EINSTEIN: A PG-13 would be 100 percent what we're looking for.
What is the message that you're really sending with this movie?
Well, I think it taps into something.
Where is that line, do you think, to be drawn?
When you she this movie and you see these kids beating each other up, or these kids coming against somebody for there being black, or they don't look the way they're supposed to, or they are gay, or whatever reason, and they get mercilessly beaten up, that's where you draw the line.
Are you a changed character, as a leopard changes spots, Harvey?
Listen, I never bullied anybody in my life.
How many times have you done this?
This will be my 14th time.
Is that who you think?
CENTIRE: Well, Kitty Wells was queen of country music forever.
But are you the current queen?
If they say they about me, I'll sure take that.
What?
Kiowa.
How do I pronounce that?
Just like you did it.
Is it where -- one of those guys?
Yes, it is.
Because it is a special world, isn't it?
It's the people.
Is it part of the territory, do you think?
I don't think so.
I just want to ask you what effect that had on your life afterwards, how it changed your outlook on life, to lose so many people that you were so close to in one horrible day?
Horrible.
A cliched thing to say, but it's often true, isn't it?
It is very true.
Second time around better?
CENTIRE: Yeah.
What did you learn, A, about you as a wife, and B, about the kind of husband that best suited you?
The thing I learned about me is that I need to communicate more.
Really?
Oh yes, no talk.
Three days?
Yes, I could go three days sulking up.
To be a successful wife?
Yeah.
Is there much call for country music in Malibu?
Oh, yeah, everywhere.
Will you be singing?
No.
What did George tell you Trayvon Martin allegedly did to him?
What has come out that I can talk about today is that Trayvon Martin somehow snuck up on him and according to Mr. Crump, their own attorney, he was on -- we don't know if this is verifiable information, but he was on the phone with his girlfriend.
What did George tell you he said?
One of those things.
Tracy, if you had the chance to speak to George Zimmerman right now, what would you say to him?
I'd ask him why did he, in fact, pick out my son.
And how does he feel about taking my son's life?
And Sybrina, many believe that you are suffering perhaps even more now since losing your son by the attempt by some people to assassinate his character, to bring up all this stuff about his behavior at school and so on which portrays him in a very damaging light.
What do you say to that?
It bothers me as a mother to hear all of those negative things about my son.
What did you make of what they were saying?
You know, I'm a parent.
But it's just one of those situations where every parent in America, in the world, would say what -- what happened?
I mean it's really important, it seems to me, that you have to allow the legal process to take its course.
Even if they had a fight, that doesn't give you the right to pull out a gun and shoot him in the street, does it?
We're bringing back the Wild West.
Aware of it?
I experienced it for the first time with the Commodores.
Really?
Yes.
You understand?
I understand.
ICHIE: Am I moving you?
You're moving -- because I think about you -- you had all the Commodore stuff, and that's enough for most people.
Is he annoyed?
No.
Really?
It would be "Easy" or "All Night Long."
Are you for real a sensitive, romantic, loving kind of guy?
I am a hopeless romantic.
How many times have you been properly in love in your life?
God, you would ask that question.
Do you remember her?
I do remember.
Do I have to say that loud?
Yes.
And how old was she?
And I should say there was one more.
In what sense?
Well, you know, you think a little bit more before you say I love you.
ORGAN: What have you really learned about love?
That you have to throw yourself into it.
How do you do it in your marriage?
Well, mine's easy.
And do they get on now?
Oh, no, it's perfect.
Do you sing at these little tribal meetings?
Absolutely not.
Well, you know the answer to that, don't you?
Go on.
Never?
No.
Who is the biggest, most romantic sexual singer you've ever deployed?
Holy cow.
I mean, Marvin, Marvin did it for me, you understand me?
I think I understand you.
Have you ever had a Barry White night?
Barry White and Smokey Robinson.
You know what I'm saying?
Yes, yes.
You know?
Yes.
You understand?
I understand.
Do you understand that?
ICHIE: I understand it.
You like that?
It was better than mine.
And what does the pressure of performance become like when you're going through that deterioration?
You are going through what we call panic.
Is that what you call it?
You could actually sell sheet music so you know we took over "Endless Love," "Hello," "Truly."
It's -- "Tuskegee," right?
Tuskegee.
You just did a brilliant impression in the break there from the "We are the World" video where all these big stars got to sing one line and I said who sang the best line?
And the one that I love the most was, "There's a choice we're making.
Bob, you have nothing to worry about, OK?
Lionel, this has been one of my favorite interviews I've ever done at CNN.
What's the word again?
Swathed.
Hank, you're getting a bit of flak for this book and what was the purpose in writing it?
Well, you know, any time you're around greatness like I was for six years and you see it at close quarters, you're asked about it.
I mean as far as coach and player goes, it doesn't get much closer than that, does it?
Well, I mean, that's a lot of time to spend with a player.
What do you make of him as a man?
Well, I mean, very complex.
How do you respond to that?
Well, I'm certainly not the first coach that's ever written a book.
What's your response to him?
Well, I mean, those rules are not, you know, written rules.
Did you just think, you know what in the guy let me down, he wasn't a proper friend to me so I'm going to make money out of his intimate life and the way that you have done?
No, not in any way, shape or form.
Could you quite believe what you were hearing when all these stories began to come out?
No, I couldn't, because the first, you know, inkling that there might be a problem was Mark Steinberg, Tiger's agent called me, and told me that there was going to be an article coming out in the "National Enquirer" but that it wasn't true.
Would you have done if you'd known?
I don't think it would be my place necessarily as a coach, but it would be my place I feel like as a friend, and I certainly would have said something, and I know Steve Williams would have said something, too.
Do you feel that he's changed at all since the scandal?
You know, I think he's probably softened some.
Could he win the Masters this year, do you think?
Well, he's definitely striking the ball well.
UNIDENTIFIED 911 DISPATCHER: Does he look hurt to you?
I can't see him.
Why?
Well, unfortunately, because Florida has this absurd "Stand Your Ground" law which makes it very, very difficult to successfully prosecute even people who may have deliberately and willfully shot because all they have to do is raise a plausible claim of self-defense and all kinds of restrictions kick in.
When you saw the FBI today, pictures of them crawling all over the crime scene, is this good or is it too late for this case?
Well, you know, I'd like to think it's never too late, they may get something just from the location and -- but there can't be anything left there now.
Now if that is genuine and they were inflicted by Trayvon Martin, how does that change the case you?
Well, you don't know still.
How do you know that somebody didn't want to try to make it look like they've been attacked and sort of waiting for the police and there's a dead body on the ground?
Let me bring in Eric Deggans here.
Is it -- is it dangerous that the media keep putting this stuff out there and basically convicting or acquitting based on every new twist and turn?
Well, what I think is dangerous is that people take the facts that reporters are digging up and they're making suppositions.
What do you think of this from a legal point of view?
Well, I think there's a big difference between arrest which is a formal legal proceeding for which you need probable cause under the statute.
Can I break in for a minute?
I'm just going to play -- just going to play a clip here, Eric, and I'll come to you after this.
UNIDENTIFIED 911 DISPATCHER: Do you need police, fire or medical?
Maybe both.
Who was screaming there, Robert?
That's my brother.
What did you want to say?
Well, one thing I wanted to point out.
How significant is that?
Well, I think the voice print comparison is really, really interesting.
I mean certainly it seem on the forensic side, the local police here have been incredibly lax, haven't they?
I don't -- I hate to judge police.
That it seems to have been just as skewed on the night against a young black teenage boy?
Well, that's the question that is bothering everyone.
Alan, your last word?
Well, I think there's a big difference between facts and admissible facts.
Senator, how are you?
I'm doing great, Piers.
Do you believe all things considered, all the information we now have, that it would be the correct thing to do for George Zimmerman to be arrested?
You know what, I'm not going to weigh into the -- to the particulars of this case.
Would you accept that?
Well, I mean, the "Stand Your Ground" law is to -- is to allow people to be able to protect themselves and make sure that they have the right to self-defense.
But given the sheer number of cases now of people getting access to firearms who simply shouldn't have them, and who then go on to commit this kind of crimes, is it time for a big review of gun law in America?
No, it's not.
At what point would you judge as a politically astute man that this would become damaging for you to stay in the race if it was perceived that you were damaging the chances of the party to defeat Barack Obama?
Yes, you know, I'm going to make the decision not based on what's good for me or not good for me.
How could you be happy, from that position, in telling 30 million Americans who are now hoping and expecting to be brought under health care cover in America when they couldn't have afforded it otherwise, you're not going to get it; that is going to be my position; my first act as president would be to throw that out, so you guys don't get health cover?
Well, I would say to 300 million Americans that my first act as president is to liberate you from a government program that is going to dictate to you not only your economic choices when it comes to health care, but also your religious choices when it comes to health care.
What about people with preexisting conditions who would cease to get cover if you repealed this?
Yes.
Why are people buying more cars when gas prices are so expensive?
Well, I think there's a couple factors running around here.
Did it effectively save the industry?
Well, I think when we had the situation in the industry, we -- we went down to support the hearings down in Washington.
So when Mitt Romney attacks the bailout, he got it completely wrong, didn't he?
Well, again, everybody has different viewpoints on this.
I had Howard Schultz from Starbucks on last week, talking about a new sense of moral capitalism, where companies like Starbucks Apple and, dare I say it, Ford, rather than building big plants in Mexico, should be building plants like that in America, shouldn't you, and bringing jobs home, even if it's more expensive to do that?
Well, we actually are bringing jobs back home.
How many people do you employ worldwide?
Worldwide, we probably employ somewhere in the neighborhood of 160,000.
How many of that would be in America?
In the U.S. here, we employ about 22,000 or 23,000 salaried employees, and about 45,000 to 50,000 hourly employees.
And what was that initial figure you gave me, the 160,000, are they all salaried or are they hourly and salaried?
No, that's hourly and salaried.
As a business?
Yeah.
Are we all just watching the final vestiges of this race when actually Romney has already crossed the line?
Well, I can tell you that both Obama and the Romney campaigns think that.
But say he lost in Pennsylvania, doesn't his dignity then say he must pull out then?
That's a great point.
So Evan, what was your conclusion so far about this race in terms of its merit as a political challenge?
Well, it is entertaining, and if you read the book, you'll see it's for the camps very tense and scary.
Is that true?
Well, if Mike Allen reports it, of course it's true.
Don't you think?
I think that, but listen, there's a fight within the Romney campaign because some people do want him to come out and show a more human side.
I mean he's a pretty good guy when it comes to basic normal human values, isn't he?
No, that's right.
How do you come back from this?
Well, look, I mean, two weeks ago I was here with you and you were talking about our big wins and then we went on to win Louisiana and we've won already 11 states.
If Mitt Romney kicks Rick Santorum's butt in Pennsylvania, in his own backyard, isn't that game over?
Well, let's put it this way.
How many times did he come last in these primary battles now and retain credibility as a candidate?
Well, Barack Obama himself called out Newt by name today.
The question becomes who backs who and surely all the polls tell you and all the momentum tells you that Newt would have to throw support behind Rick Santorum, doesn't it?
That's what all the pundit say, but Newt Gingrich has been counted out before and we're going to have a three-week lull now with -- I think for some it's a law, for others it's an opportunity to have a conversation to make sure that we continue to unify at least a message, at least in principle, if not in process at the moment.
What is the roadmap ahead for the Romney campaign?
You know what, it's a power of delegates, it's the power of wins, it's to cut the burn rail a little bit on the spending.
At what point do you think other candidates should pull out of this race?
You know, Piers, it's not my call.
How does he rebuild trust in the female vote?
I think that's more of a function of the Santorum campaign quite frankly, and the Democrats are using some of Senator Santorum's verbiage to their electoral advantage, to their partisan advantage.
Is he champing it a bit to get in?
I think a little bit.
And what do you think, as one of his friends, he needs to do to stop making those kind of mistakes?
The media tends to play you the Etch A Sketch stuff.
Are you feeling like the wedding is on its way here?
Well, I've always seen this as almost like a prize fight, Piers.
Is this feasible or has the horse bolted?
Yes, the horse has bolted.
How is he going to turn around the perception of himself in tough economic times that he's simply out of touch with the average American?
Well, I think he needs to do a better job at fighting back against the media.
You know, is he just too nice a guy?
Well, I think those are all great things, but I think there's a difference between being nasty and campaigning dirty which I think you could argue that he kind of does, but also being an aggressive campaigner.
Which camp are you -- and I know you like Romney, but if you're President Obama, are you feeling vulnerable or confident tonight?
Well, I think, Piers, we've seen that President Obama is having a little bit of a mini meltdown.
How do you deal with that?
Well, the White House is hoping in terms of unemployment that the trend is going in the right direction for them.
Where is your money going?
You know, I'm not a -- I'm not a gambling man, but I do think --
So he's a skilled man, he's a good businessman, he's intelligent, but he's got a real uphill battle, doesn't he?
The conventional wisdom surely right now is that Romney is a pretty weak nominee, that -- but these things that we saw go back and forth.
Who should be Mitt Romney's running mate?
Cantor.
Ben?
Very likely to be Rubio.
Carol?
Rubio.
Why is it so crazy?
Well, he -- you know, he didn't do the Hillary --
What about Sarah Palin?
OK.
ORGAN: She's better this time than last time, right?
Absolutely not.
What does Nugent want?
Not even close.
What do you want?
What I want is the Second Amendment.
Do you believe that it might be in your client's best interest now if he was to turn himself in?
Well, first of all, there's no warrant for him to be arrested.
Would you accept that as a fact?
George Zimmerman was on his way to the store, and he was allowed to legally carry a gun with him because he had a concealed weapons permit when he went to the store that night.
But if he was acting as a neighborhood watch official, then you would accept as a fact that he should not have been carrying a weapon, or, indeed, using it?
The one thing we know as a fact is that George Zimmerman was attacked by Trayvon Martin.
Do you accept that as a fact?
No, they did not.
Is that what you're saying?
I'll accept that he was acting as a responsible citizen who happened to be the one that the newsletter for that community says, if you see something suspicious, called George Zimmerman.
That is the law, isn't it?
You are wrong.
They can all go up with firearms, can they?
Absolutely.
But you can state as a fact that his nose is broken?
I can state as a fact that his nose is broken.
How could it be in the police report that he'd gone to buy Skittles?
That's right.
If there are some questions about American jurisprudence or something like that?
I do, do.
As far as I'm aware, there is no eyewitness that has seen Trayvon Martin, an eyewitness that saw Trayvon Martin land the first blow, is there?
Sir, I will tell you there is evidence that will come out in a court of law, that will be admissible that will show this.
And my final question, can be both of you, do you expect George Zimmerman to be arrested imminently?
No.
In the next few days, next couple of weeks?
I would say certainly not in the next few days.
But is there anyone expectation that at some stage George Zimmerman will be arrested on your side?
If the grand jury hears all the evidence that we know to exist and they apply the law as it exists in Florida, not Great Britain, then he will not be arrested in the next few days or the next few weeks or ever.
When you listened to what they said, what was your reaction?
Well, obviously, they did not want to look at the facts that have been released by the police department, the fact that it is highly unusual that someone can kill someone in cold blood and that person not be armed and George Zimmerman has a .9 millimeter gun.
Could it be that he did attack and jump on George Zimmerman?
Well, I don't think we can say attacked.
Can you accept that that could be a possibility?
Certainly that's what he wants to assert.
Would Trayvon Martin be given all this consideration had he been the trigger man?
ORGAN: Mr. Crump, I'm going to have to leave it there.
What do you make of this case in its entirety?
Well, first of all, thanks for going after this very tragic situation, Piers.
Even for someone like you, that believes in right to bear arms and guns and everything else, shouldn't he have been arrested?
You saw the tape.
But do you believe that a neighborhood watch official acting in that capacity should be armed and using that firearm?
Yes.
What is your view of it?
Well, I think it comes down to one word, which is race.
What do you believe has gone fundamentally wrong with the American business model?
Well, I think we're stuck in a box doing the same thing over and over every single day.
The premise of your book, "The Passport to Success," do you believe that enough Americans take personal responsibility these days for their lives, for their careers, for their economic stability and so on?
Well, we don't really know how to do that.
Regardless of his capacity?
Regardless of whatever he's going to do.
What is your overview as we sit here tonight of this case?
Well, I think it's very fair for the family of Trayvon Martin to be asking the question why George Zimmerman wasn't arrested.
Tell me this, why is he seen in handcuffs if he hasn't been arrested?
Well, we're not clear on whether he's been arrested or not.
How significant will that be to this debate, Charles, if that is true?
Right.
What do you think of the "Stand Your Ground" law in relation to this case?
Well, there in lies the rub as Shakespeare might have said, because after all, we don't know what the exact facts are.
Would you imagine, Gloria, very quickly, that there will be an arrest and indictment very soon in relation to George Zimmerman?
There may very well be.
Mark Geragos, would you agree with that?
Yes, I don't think it's going to be any sooner than five days or so.
What do you make of it?
My instinct as just a citizen, I'm not a professional like Geragos and Allred, I remember first hearing about it and hearing Zimmerman on the phone.
What do you feel about that?
In this situation, I don't think it's a case of working on either/or in our society.
If I shot Justin Bieber, would I be out tonight?
No.
How old is your son?
He's 12.
He's Arsenio Jr., right?
Yes.
What do you say to him post-Trayvon Martin about walking on his own now?
I'm totally confused.
How did you find it?
Well, I think the scariest thing was when you get there and they take your phone and give you one.
Did you ever imagine the day would come where you'd have Magic Johnson owner of the Dodgers and Barack Obama president of the United States in your lifetime?
Yes, it's amazing.
Where is that jacket?
At Peter Max's house.
What was she really like?
That was one of the reasons I really thought this book should be written, is that most people really didn't know her, including members of the press who actually covered her during that period of time.
How did they get on when the door was closed and they were left with just agents like you who saw everything?
ILL: They were very close, very much in love.
And you're witnessing such private moments of great joy and great despair?
Well, I had a great deal of concern about their welfare and well being.
Clint, whenever you see those images, those images, what do you feel so long after that event?
Well, that never really leaves my consciousness.
Is that's what's going through your mind?
Yes.
When did you realize that the president was probably dead?
After I got up on the car and Mrs. Kennedy came up on the trunk to retrieve some material that had gone off to the right rear from the president's wound in his head, I put her back in the seat.
How has that responsibility borne down on you over the years since then?
Well, I've always felt a sense of guilt.
When you look back on that, is there anything you could have done?
Well, I went back to Dallas in 1990.
How many people were on the detail that day?
At that time, there were 34 assigned to the president.
Was she able to speak to you at all?
She was in shock.
Do you believe Lee Harvey Oswald was just a man acting alone?
Yes.
What's your favorite of your time with her?
We had some wonderful times.
Katherine, how are you?
I'm good.
How are you?
I can't quite believe what's happening to you.
Can you believe what's going on here?
No.
Is it weird to be over here now with this huge army of new fans who think that Katherine Jenkins, great dancer?
ENKINS: It is funny because, you know, when I have been here before to make albums, it's been pretty much sort of under the radar.
Are you having fun or is it incredibly hard work?
It's hard work, but it's fun.
Is he single?
No, he's got a girlfriend.
Yes, because it's been a bit of a tough time for you, hasn't it?
It has been.
What do you want to say about it?
Just, like you said, this is something to me that feels like really old news.
What's been the big high for you professionally outside of what's going on now?
Honestly, it would be going out to entertain the troops in Afghanistan and Iraq.
What's going on here?
I know.
Is that the ultimate Holy Grail for any big singer now, do you think?
ENKINS: Well, I think, you know, singing has always been my big passion in life.
What do you think he would make of his little girl now conquering America on the dance floor?
Oh, well, you know, I hope that he would be -- he would be happy and proud.
What does that tell you as a prominent lawyer?
Well, it tells me that the special prosecutor is not going to use a copout.
If you were representing him, how would you be feeling tonight?
Well, I think it's bad news for Zimmerman.
If that is proven to be the case, if those facts are proved by evidence, will he get off under "Stand Your Ground," do you believe?
Well, if the evidence shows that he was acting in self-defense and that his fear was reasonable, then yes, under the law that would be an absolute defense.
Or is this very likely now to go to a trial where a jury will decide?
Well, we don't know yet.
Can I add to this?
Yes.
If those signs of evidence were actually caused as a result of George Zimmerman starting the altercation -- I mean if for argument's sake he approached Trayvon Martin and began pushing him around, where does that leave him defense under "Stand Your Ground"?
Well, it's much more difficult if he is the aggressor.
We don't know much about Trayvon Martin in terms of his condition, do we?
You have -- you put your finger right on it.
What was your take on it?
Well, you know, he doesn't have, you know, photographs or videos of a child to sell like Casey Anthony did to raise money for her defense.
We go to Alan first for your reaction?
I would say he's making a big mistake.
Yes or no to an arrest within seven days?
Let me be even shorter.
Neighborhood watch, right?
Right.
You know, if you take the right to bear arms, it doesn't mean the right to have a tank in your back garden, does it?
No.
What can it physically, realistically do to change this?
Have a bigger lottery.
He's less threatening than a Santorum, isn't he?
Yes.
Very quickly, what is the single thing that's made you the most furious since I last saw you?
The single thing is that -- the thing I saw today that we're not training --
How can that be happening?
I don't know how.
No?
I think whoever wins in November should put you in there just to foam at them.
How can you not doing more in work training at this time?
Then they are putting their two groups -- I can't remember the name.
What's he done to you?
Well, he's done nothing to me.
What is the Jewish version of the Tebow?
The Jewish is either -- bringing something up or, you know, a belch, one or the other.
The engine's beginning to run again?
I do.
Did I really?
Literally, I've never seen that happen before.
So has Mark Zuckerberg done this because he sees this as a brilliant new tool to enhance Facebook or to crush a potential opponent by buying them out of the market?
I think number two much more than number one.
Could it be a boom that leads to a quick bubble burst?
We saw that in 2000.
It is a slightly mad world, isn't it?
Well, but I take it -- I take it one of the things -- their claim to fame is that -- yes, is that photographers who think they're good can massage and --
What's the next big sale going to be?
I think Path has a shot.
What was it presumed to be worth yesterday and what will it be worth tomorrow, based on Instagram?
The word on the street is they're raising Around a 250 million valuation.
What will his legacy be, do you think?
Well, I think if you look at investigative reporting on television, he was the pioneer in that.
Simon Johnson, how are you?
I'm fine.
How are you?
I love this book title, "White House Burning," because further investigation revealed it's reference to a War of 1812, when war hawks they taxes, didn't fund the military, got rid of the Central Bank.
What would the Founding Fathers have made of America being 15.6 trillion dollars in debt?
Well, the Founding Fathers, first of all, would have been stunned to see the U.S. as the number one world economic and political power.
Come on, just cut to the quick, Romney or Obama, who has -- you have to keep this quite brief -- the best solution, do you think, if it's those two head to head in November, to the economic woes America is facing?
I have problems with both.
Can you quite believe you're in the green jacket on CNN, you know, talking to the world about being Masters champion?
Talking to my favorite person.
But can you believe it?
No.
And that someone needs to take control of George Zimmerman in particular very quickly?
Yes.
But are you encouraged by Angela Corey's statement just now?
We're encouraged, Piers.
I mean how do you feel as Trayvon's mother seeing the man that killed your son, you know, thanking people over a Web site for the overwhelming support that he's receiving?
I really haven't viewed the Web site.
Not just for you and for the process of justice but also for George Zimmerman?
I think it'll be a sense of relief on both ends.
Everything that's been discussed and debated, is it possible, knowing your son better than anybody, is it possible that Trayvon could have instigated the altercation with George Zimmerman and could have been potentially doing something to him that could have provoked him into thinking my life is in danger?
First and foremost, Piers, you have to understand the raising of Trayvon.
What was your view as a lawyer of what went down today?
Well, I was very upset and very disturbed as a criminal defense lawyer and as somebody who teaches professional responsibility to students.
If there is no extension to the legal process?
I don't know what may happen to his parents.
Given her statement today, given the way this story has been developing, you'd be pretty amazed, would you, if this didn't now lead to at least an arrest?
I'd be surprised.
John, we've had many a chat on this rock n' roll, rollercoaster ride, good times and bad times, how are you feeling tonight as his campaign manager?
: Well, holding my head high.
What was the moment for you guys when you realized the game albeit temporarily is up?
Well, you know, look.
She's back at home now, right?
She is.
Because presumably at some stage Rick Santorum having beaten Mitt Romney to a pulp with all he's got is going to have to turn around and say this guy should be president, right?
Well, absolutely.
Does he hold out any aspiration of a potential VP slot or is that pie in the sky really, do you think?
Well, look.
There's no reason given his age that he couldn't revisit this and campaign again next time around, right?
Well, I think he's not going to look past November.
Is this the end of the race?
Yes.
I mean when we get to the next stage of primaries, how significant are they now in light of Santorum pulling out?
They're not very significant.
Presumably they're already planning the mother of all negative assaults on Romney, aren't they?
If you think it was tough and angry and vicious among the Republican candidates themselves, just wait, Piers, because this is going to be a brutal, a brutal seven months with hundreds of million of dollars spent on both sides.
You a golf fan, Wolf?
I'm -- I watch the -- of course I'm not a huge player.
Can I touch it?
Yes, go ahead.
How does it feel?
Feels nice.
To be Bubba Watson right now?
It's overwhelming.
But it's genuinely why, isn't it?
Yes, for sure.
It's been a quite extraordinary time for you, isn't it?
Yes, it has.
Why did you want that car so much?
The TV show.
But can you believe it?
No.
The difficulty of the shot and how it played out, was that the moment for you?
No, I think the six-inch putt to win was the big moment.
What is it inside you that made you look down and say, I'm going for this?
I trust everything in -- every ounce of my body, I trust it all.
Other than don't conk it out?
ATSON: Right, exactly.
Or is it all just focused on the shot?
I definitely wasn't thinking about this show.
You weren't think of me when you won the Masters?
You know, I -- like I've always said, it's just -- this is -- this is to honor my parents, to honor my late dad, honor my grandparents, honor all the people that have gotten to this point in my life, my friends, some of the golfers that stayed around, some of the family members that were there, all my fans on Twitter, Facebook, all my fans across the world.
How much of his son are you, do you think?
The first thing that springs to mind is he told me I got two options.
How did you become so composed in such a pressurized moment, if the rest of the time you're all over the place?
You know, I recognize that.
What lessons can you draw from that?
Well, I think you got to learn from every situation.
Is he still the best you've seen, Tiger?
Yes.
Bubba Watson, what were you thinking?
"America's Got Talent."
What were you doing there?
Well --
What was the thought process?
Golf is boring.
What are they going to do?
I know who's not going to be a member.
Who, me?
You.
What did she say to you when you became Masters champion?
She said -- she didn't say much.
When he's old enough to focus?
ORGAN: Yes, and --
Did you make that yourself?
I did.
I don't know, how far is that, about five feet?
About nine feet.
Oh, could be out of your range, couldn't it?
Yes, it could be.
What are you doing right now?
Don't you worry about me, mate.
Gloria Allred, should we assume from this fairly dramatic action by the state attorney that they have got evidence that we are not aware of?
Well, they definitely have evidence that we are not aware of and they're not revealing that evidence, Piers.
Gloria, if you were prosecuting this case, where would you think the weaknesses are in George Zimmerman's case from everything you've seen and heard?
Well, I would be thinking about where the flaws are, and I would be interested in also what he allegedly has told family members who have appeared on television, whether there are inconsistencies in what he has told the police, depending on what he has told the police.
Eric, how would you describe the mood down there, following this announcement today?
I would say among officials down here it's probably a little bit of relief.
How important has their demeanor, their behavior been?
Oh, I think that's very important.
What is your reaction and the family's reaction to the arrest and the charging of your brother, George?
Piers, obviously as a family, we're devastated.
How do you feel about the fact it's been such a tough charge?
Well, I agree.
When did you last see him?
IMMERMAN: Right.
Are you concerned about that?
We are -- our concerns go in the order, first and foremost, obviously, of safety for his life, then his well-being, then it's our life and our well-being.
Which way is he running?
Down towards the other entrance to the neighborhood.
Which entrance is that that he's heading towards?
The back entrance.
Are you following him?
Yes.
You know, why did your brother take out a gun and shoot an unarmed teenager?
Right.
Do you understand that?
I do understand that.
It's his blood that's lying there, isn't it?
Well, I do take exception with "follows."
Let me ask you, Robert, why was George carrying a gun to target?
Thousands of Floridians have enacted laws to make sure that they are able to carry guns.
What was he doing after that?
Again, that's an element of the case that will come out -- come out in --
What did he tell you that explains why he continued walking towards Trayvon Martin?
Well, he didn't continue -- he didn't continue to walk towards Trayvon Martin.
But how do you explain that your brother is one bang away during this terrible beating from wearing diapers and being fed by you for the rest of his life, and the fact that within a matter of just a couple of hours, we see him walking around the police station perfectly OK?
Right.
How do you react to that?
Well, you know, first and foremost, the most important reaction is to understand that independent analysis like that is not admissible.
Which hospital did he have the broken nose reset?
Piers, I'm not getting into specifics about what doctor treated him, how he was treated.
Why didn't he leave it to the police?
George did leave it to the police.
But he didn't, though, did he?
No, he did.
What would you say to them tonight?
You know, as the family for us, we have nothing left to give.
What did you make of it?
Well, obviously, the most information is going to come from George himself.
Given the amount of stress he's under, given the fact that he's been on the run, effectively, for the last month or so, would it be a surprise that he's suffering from a psychiatric damage by now?
AYLOR: You know, it's hard to say that without talking to him, because Trayvon Martin's parents have been under a lot of stress too.
What can you tell me about it?
Piers, a senior U.S. official just saying those very words to me.
It's an escalation?
It certainly is worrying, very provocative according to administration officials here.
I mean, clearly, we knew it was happening, it's been a failure, but what is the bigger, wider significance?
Well, I wouldn't want to be the head of North Korea's space agency right now.
Yes?
Let me just hold you, Governor.
Didn't go very well, did it?
Ignore United Nations, carry on like dad used to do.
And is it right that some of that equipment's come from Iran in this particular case?
You know, there is a lot out there that says it has come from -- there has been Iranian involvement over the year, and it's very interesting that you ask that, because senior U.S. officials will tell you that they believe the sanctions against North Korea have kept the really precision equipment out of there.
How -- what is the clever way of responding to this potentially very unstable situation?
Well, the clever way, I thought the White House statement was prudent and clever.
Mr. Zimmerman, you're appearing here for your first appearances -- first appearance at this time for charge of murder in the second degree and you are represented by Mr. O'Mara, is that true?
Yes, sir.
But what is your goal?
Well, a couple of goals.
What were your first impressions of George Zimmerman as a man?
Well, he's afraid and he's stressed and he's tired.
Is that true?
'MARA: I was not aware of that until that was reported in the news.
How does he feel?
He is very concerned about the way he has been portrayed and the way that this case has sort of seemingly gotten almost out of control, starting with maybe the way it was handled early on in the investigation by law enforcement.
Do you believe that he regrets getting out of the car and following Trayvon Martin at all?
You know, I've not talked to him about the facts of the case.
Do you believe that he, if he had the chance to do so, would make such an apology?
Well, you know, there's a split system here.
What is your reaction to that?
Without having seen the evidence, my presumption is that they've kept the probable cause affidavit as thin as they thought they could, to maybe limit the amount of information in there that's flowing out.
What did you make of that?
First of all, I'm thrilled that there is a good lawyer involved in this case.
What do you think of what's gone on today?
Well, I think that probable cause affidavit is really a lot to do about nothing.
But do you believe, like a good Poker player, and as Mr. O'Mara suggested to me, that she has got a few cards up her sleeve, and just isn't showing them yet?
This is ant game of poker.
When you introduce fame, notoriety, public opinion, the media and so on, what difference does that make?
Well, you know, I was a part, along with Mr. Dershowitz, of the O.J. Simpson defense team.
What did you think of it?
Well, the major contraction, I think, was in the first interview, he basically said that Martin confronted him and spoke to him and said, "why are you following me?"
Do you think that the Stand Your Ground law is fundamentally flawed?
Well, I mean, that's a very difficult question for me to answer.
If you were prosecuting this case against George Zimmerman right now, would you be confident of a conviction of second- degree murder, from everything we're currently aware of?
No.
Josh, when you heard that your mother had never done a day's work in her life, what was your honest reaction?
Well, quite honestly, I think about my mom and the work that she did do.
What was the reality?
Reality is we never had anyone in the house.
Did you feel quite hurt on her behalf at this slur?
You know, you hear a lot of things in the campaign trail.
You guys must be quietly rubbing your hands in glee, aren't you?
No.
Are we going to have a president potentially who, every week, goes to a sink and hand washes his shirts?
I hope at -- you know, I hope that at the White House they actually have washing machines.
Stan, what can you tell me about what's happening there?
Piers, I wish I had an hour glass.
Piers?
It certainly is very embarrassing and potentially I guess pretty dangerous for the world.
Should they say with the man or should they always believe him if he, abuses them?
Leave!
Take me back, if you will, to the moment you came home and realized what was happening next door?
Thanks, Piers.
I mean, that -- is that the reality of when you get caught in that kind of situation?
Yes.
Did you know each other well?
Yes, very well.
What was the first thing she said to you when you got to safety?
You know, well, she -- first of all, I think we just wanted to breathe.
What an incredibly -- is any there truth to rumors that you're thinking of wearing a cape now at work?
You know, I appreciate it.
What is your view, as a mayor of a big city in America, of the "Stand Your Ground" law?
Well, I'm somebody that lives in the state of New Jersey where we don't have such a law.
When was that exactly?
It was 1976, '75 or '76, when I started to really seriously love to go to Idaho, and "Tapestry" was 1971.
What did you think of that moment then?
I think it's just great.
Oh, really?
Yes.
When you sang that song like that, especially the way we just saw you singing there, when you look back at yourself there, knowing now what happened to your life then, what do you feel?
I feel -- first of all, I am younger than all my daughters are now.
You've been married four times now?
Yes.
Third husband?
Third husband.
In your case, it'll be -- come on, how many dozen times have you been properly in love?
No, it would be --
Did you marry every man you were properly in love with?
No.
If I could have trapped you on a desert island with one man in your life that you had a relationship with, who would it be?
I don't know.
Why?
Again, hope springs eternal.
What do you say to women who watch this or who read the book, who find themselves in that position, should they stay with the man or should they always leave him if he -- they -- if he abuses her?
Leave!
It's a reflective book of someone who's had a pretty amazing life in many ways, haven't you?
Thank you for getting that about me, because I don't have bitterness.
And if I can't, why be bitter?
What would be the moment -- if I had the power to let you relive a moment in your life -- it can't be marriage, certainly not marriage in your case -- we'd be here all night.
What's been the greatest moment of your life?
Piers, I've had so many great moments, honestly.
And on Thanksgiving and Christmas and stuff like that, is there a moment when the piano gets wheeled out?
Oh God, I hope not.
No?
I just keep all that separate.
Isn't that an amazing power to have, that you can do that through the power of music?
Well, it's not my power.
What's the other song?
ING: The other one, which I wrote -- I co-wrote with Ms. Tony Stern.
How does that sound?
Sounds good.
Were you really trying?
You know what, I always like to make the guest feel like they're the star, you know, contrary to public perception.
So I think with you and Lionel, make you think you're better singers, it gives you more confidence?
It's an ego booster.
You've only sold what, 10 million albums?
Something like that.
Do you ever sing at home?
We do.
But for fun?
Yes, absolutely.
Was there a moment?
I think there was a -- an instant the day I met him, 21 years ago, a connection there.
Because you were good friends for a long time?
We were.
But if you've had so many years as friends, what's the moment like when suddenly you both realize it's going to be something else?
I don't know how to describe it.
He was must have been with you?
Of course, he was madly in love with me.
You know a lot about that?
No.
Is this even remotely healthy?
No.
Is it just like a great, big, old fashioned southern pig out?
I'm telling that you eat this and tomorrow you have a grape.
Which is your favorite of all this?
I'm a salt girl, so I would go for the chicken.
What is this stuff?
That's sweet tea.
And what are these little cup cakes?
These are biscuits, basically.
So if I eat all of this, I would die, but with a smile on my face?
Absolutely.
Did you do that?
I packaged the meat later.
How do you equate, though, this gorgeous food, which I would devoir in an instant, probably will the moment this interview is over, with the need in America, in particular, for people to probably eat less of this stuff?
EARWOOD: Yes.
Even as you're eating that stuff, are you quietly thinking fried chicken?
Oh, sure.
Daddy, is tonight movie night?
It's why I keep doing it every single day.
Other than don't get out (ph)?
Right.
ORGAN: Can you quite believe you're in the green jacket, on CNN, you know, talking to the world about being Masters champion?
Talking to my favorite person.
Yes, but can you believe it?
No.
Do you go and beat each other up the moment these interviews are over?
We're friends forever.
The friendship?
Yes.
What are the lessons?
Oh, gosh.
And performing and having hit records and touring and all that kind of thing, and all the press and the demands and the pressure, it is actually mentally and physically pretty exhausting, isn't it?
It's whoo.
-- you know?
Right.
Just celebrate what we're so lucky to be doing still?
When "Bridesmaids" really popped and became this huge hit --
This is like the sort of thing you dream of, isn't it?
Yes.
I mean, has it -- has it given you a completely new lease of life as a career?
I feel like it has --
And just because you were in a hit movie isn't necessarily going to guarantee that success, you know what I'm saying?
I mean, I think the point is the kind of role model element of that film.
For your kids, maybe?
Yes.
I just think it's that like edgy kind of "Saturday Night Live," like just edgy, anything goes, women should do what they want and just have that edge, I don't know, you know?
What -- the second time around, when you have all this success again now, people will say to me it's a lot sweeter, because when you stop it and it all goes away, and you watch other people enjoying all the highs and the good stuff, you kind of miss it, even though it's been painful a lot of the time and horrible and you fall out and everything, actually, a part of you really misses it.
Is it nice to be able to recapture it?
Absolutely.
Really?
We're back together.
Really?
Yes.
What is happening here?
Coming off.
-- for the way she's been battling this?
I was just going to say --
Because we eat for a reason, you know what I mean?
Right.
And how -- how is your relationship with your father now?
It's a little strained at the moment.
Do you guys -- do you have one?
There's peace.
But is there actually what you would call a relationship?
Yes, somewhat of a relationship.
How would you -- how would you describe it?
Hmmm.
-- or is he like this sort of disjointed friend that you've got?
I wouldn't say that he's like a father figure so much.
Why did you play that?
Well, because it's --
-- it's kind of perfect timing, wasn't it?
Whoa.
Is he a better grandfather than father?
I just think that we need to spend more time with him.
What is it like being with all those Baldwins?
They are hot.
Are they funny to be around?
Hysterical.
Alec, he is -- is he the leader of the pack, or not really when they get together?
Well, you know, he's the oldest, so he thinks he knows what's right and what's the best thing to do.
No downsides?
Several.
Stephen?
A little bit.
Can I touch it?
Yes, go ahead.
How does it feel?
It feels nice.
To be Bubba Watson right now?
It's overwhelming.
But it's genuinely why, isn't it?
Yes, for sure.
It's been a quite extraordinary time for you, isn't it?
Yes, it has.
Why did you want that car so much?
The TV show.
Can you quite believe you're in the green jacket, on CNN, you know, talking to the world about being Masters champion?
Talking to my favorite person.
But can you believe it?
No.
The difficulty of the shot and how it played out -- was that the moment for you?
No, I think the six-inch putt to win was the big moment.
What is it inside you that made you look down and say, I'm going for this?
I trust everything in -- every ounce of my body, I trust it all.
The moment when you had the six-inch putt to win the Masters, what goes through the golfer's mind when you're six inches away?
Well --
ORGAN: Other than don't conk it out?
Right, exactly.
Or is it all just focused on the shot?
I definitely wasn't thinking about this show.
You weren't thinking of me when you won the Masters?
No.
How much of his son are you, do you think?
The first thing that springs to mind is he told me I got two options: I can be a follower or a leader.
How did you become so composed in such a pressurized moment, if the rest of the time you're all over the place?
ATSON: You know, I recognize that.
What lessons can you draw from that?
Well, I think you got to learn from every situation.
Is he still the best you've seen, Tiger?
Yes.
Bubba Watson, what were you thinking?
"America's Got Talent."
What were you doing there?
Well --
What was the thought process?
Golf is boring.
What are they going to do?
I know who's not going to be a member.
Who, me?
You.
Is she the great love of your life?
Oh, for sure.
What did she say to you when you became Masters champion?
She said -- she didn't say much.
When he's old enough to focus?
Yes, and --
Did you make that yourself?
I did.
I don't know, how far is that, about five feet?
About nine feet.
Oh, could be out of your range, couldn't it?
Yes, it could be.
What are you doing right now?
Don't you worry about me, mate.
This is a pretty big scandal, isn't it, Douglas Brinkley?
Well, yes it is.
Should it make much difference?
It's not going to make -- no, it's not going to make a whole lot of difference.
Is it that serious?
Well, we have to keep the word "allegations" out there right now.
Meredith, how are you?
I'm good.
Why is it?
No, I'm serious.
Shall we move off this rather uncomfortable subject?
Yes, we should.
Yes?
Because I reckon you'd have a pretty good view of this.
Which is harder?
I think probably raising your children is the hardest thing you can do and the most rewarding, obviously, because you are -- you are shaping lives, you know.
What did you make of the row with Ann Romney, then, because it did seem a very strange battleground for any senior Democrats to pick?
Yes, you know, I'm going to stick up a little bit for Hilary here.
When you see something like that, what -- what do you make of it?
I -- I'm surprised she's not drunk every day.
Do you think America is ready for its first female president?
Yes, I do, Piers.
I want to talk to you about what you think of "The Today Show" losing its crown against "GMA" without you, obviously?
I'm leaving.
What's going on?
It wasn't a miniskirt.
Where were you, Meredith, when you first heard of the Lauer deal?
I was heading toward the bathroom.
Reunite the -- the dream team?
No.
What -- what do you think of that?
Well, I hope that Ann has enough perspective, and I'm sure that she does, to ignore it.
-- somebody like Sarah Palin, a rather divisive politician, to be, effectively, a "Today Show" host?
Yes, I don't know.
So we should take this seriously, presumably?
Yes.
When you saw this story, what gave you the desire to make a -- a film about it?
Well, Angelo Guglielmo, who is the producer, he brought us sort of a demo reel or, for lack of a better term, to show us what he was working on.
I mean it was a real -- it's a (INAUDIBLE) of a -- a weird thriller, isn't it?
Yes.
Because, in the end, if she was a comfort to them, how much does it really matter that she actually invented her own story?
It does in the sense that, yes, she was a comfort but it was also a terrible betrayal.
I mean, there's no stopping you, is there?
I plan to take over the -- in fact, your show is the next thing I plan to control.
What are you doing there?
Well during the breast feeding stage, Greg, infants can get very confused and upset when they're separated from their mothers.
Now, Robert, when I -- when you see a trailer like that -- and we have dozens of great movies to choose from, and we choose the one of you wearing mammary glands in "Meet the Fockers," does your heart swell with pride or does part of you think why the hell couldn't you have done something, you know, a little bit more serious for the great man?
No, my heart swells with pride.
What went through your mind and how quickly did you think I've got to do something like this?
Well, we -- I was in Midtown when we were -- when it happened.
But how did you turn that into what has become not just a -- a New York event, but a -- an international event and one that now generates really big money for New York?
Well, it -- it happened with a lot of help from a lot of amazing people, as you said, Nelson Mandela and Martin Scorsese and Barry Levinson and Hugh Grant and studios such as Universal Pictures and Warner Brothers and just volunteers and amazing New Yorkers.
And how could we do something -- what was our creative response to our community and what could we do to just help and give people a new memory to want to come back downtown?
I mean it's been -- it's been, as I say, remarkably successful.
But, Robert, what do you think about America's recovery from 9/11 generally?
Well, I -- downtown has recovered in a lot of ways.
Well, it -- you want to?
No, go ahead.
And, Robert, what would you say?
the middle class is suffering, as we all know.
How do you get America's image, if you like, its reputation, back as the great land of opportunity?
E NIRO: Well, I think it's still that.
Do you -- do you agree with -- do you agree with President Obama's campaign, this Warren Buffet Rule, that the weal -- the very wealthiest Americans should pay a lot more tax?
I absolutely do, yes.
Would you object to -- would you object to paying more?
Well, I'll do whatever I have to do, whatever's fair.
Astoundingly low?
Low, yes, very low.
What do you think of that law in modern America?
Oh, God, that's another big question.
One is, who, to you, is the greatest actor living today, male or female?
E NIRO: Well, Leonardo DiCaprio is a -- a very serious young actor.
How -- how is -- how is fatherhood six time around going?
Oh, it's great being a -- a parent and -- and my kids are -- I have older kids and younger kids, obviously.
What do you hope it says about your city, New York?
I like the idea of the festival not only being just a festival, it's a -- it's a cultural thing.
Is it time for heads to roll?
This is a serious, serious violation of everything the Secret Service stands for.
Congressman, this is turning into a very tawdry affair not just for the Secret Service but also for the president who has got these people operating in his name in a foreign territory in a really quite disgraceful manner, isn't it?
Well, Piers, let me just say as a Republican, there's no responsibility here by President Obama.
What was going through their minds, do you think?
Yes, first of all, I think the 21 number relates to both the Secret Service and the military.
What do you think about that?
I don't -- I don't hold Mark Sullivan responsible for this at all.
And the conduct is so shameful that somebody somewhere has to lose their job, don't they?
Well, Piers, yes, there obviously has to be accountability.
Would you be considering your position?
Of course.
Is that -- is that part of the folklore of working for the agency?
No.
Is this the worst scandal you've ever seen hit the Secret Service in terms of its reputation?
It's definitely, probably the most media attention that we've gotten in a long time.
What was your reaction?
That's the first time I've heard it, number one.
Is there a racial element to what he's saying?
Well, I can't read his heart, but my hunch is it probably is.
What did you think of that?
I don't want to compare which one is more important.
Why is that not getting the kind of national prominence that the Trayvon Martin case is getting?
Well, one is of course the Trayvon martin case is the peak of an iceberg of arbitrary power especially decisions of police departments that don't put enough value on the lives of poor black boys.
More importantly if he's re-elected, do you guys have faith that he will get to grips with it properly in a second term?
I pray for his protection.
Is 90 the word you're looking for?
Don't say you're 90.
Why have you been playing so hard to get?
I just wanted you to really want me.
What motivates her to still do this?
I happen to love what I do for a living.
What is the Betty White magic?
It's not magic.
Are we still talking professional offers?
Mostly.
I mean, are you finished or is there something else you don't understand?
Well, actually there is.
If so, how old is that top?
HITE: Oh, it's probably like the rest of my wardrobe.
Am I right?
Yes.
Any nip and tuck ever gone on?
No.
If you could have imagined the way your life was going to go, crazy, yeah?
In the middle of all that, there was the love of my life.
They lasted a combined total of about three years, didn't they?
If that.
What was the reality of you and romantic life in those early days?
Well, back in those days -- and that's why people like Elizabeth Taylor and people that are married so many times -- you didn't sleep with a guy until you married him.
This was the love of your life, right?
Love of my life completely.
Did you really?
It was lovely.
What is true love to you?
Alan.
What should women strive to get to get the love you had?
It was his enthusiasm.
Well, why not?
Absolutely.
Curses are meant to be broken right?
And I'm going to call Fred.
That nerdy guy you play cards with every Sunday?
For the past 20 years.
True, isn't it?
Of course it is true.
When you look back at your 90 years, if I can replay a moment for you outside of marriages and everything like that, a moment in your life that you would say was the greatest moment of your life, if I could replay it, what would you choose?
The hour and a half I spent in the caves with Coco, the signing gorilla.
Really?
Absolutely, really.
Put him in context, historical context, how important was Dick Clark, do you think?
Well, he was a pioneer, in the -- you know, in the early days of television, with "American Bandstand," he revolutionized music on television.
Isn't that amazing?
Amazing.
What was the secret ingredient that he had?
He was a great generalist.
What was Dick's importance to you, your career and your life?
Well, there would have been no career without Dick Clark.
Do you think in the end that he realized that wasn't what was important to his life?
RANCIS: Well, it was really up until -- I think I saw him a year and a half ago, I went to visit Kari and Dick in Malibu, their home.
What was the importance of "American Bandstand" to any young musical act in America?
It was the show that everybody wanted to be on because it presented their talent.
How many people -- of all the people that you ever interviewed had that distinctive, gut feel for what the majority of Americans would love to see or hear?
I have to think of it -- Steve Jobs, interviewed him early on, he had it.
Was that your experience?
Actually, Piers, I got an experience that "Donny and Marie Show."
What did he do, how was he in that persuasive mode?
Well, I got to tell you, I think only Dick Clark could have talked me into doing that, because, you know, twice in my life my knees have knocked, and that was one of them.
What was it about him that enabled him to persuade people they had the confidence to do stuff?
He was an every man.
What do you think America has lost today?
They have lost an institution, when these -- when these people leave us, they leave a hole that doesn't get filled.
How big a moment is that for any musical act?
Think I appreciate it now more than I did then, because back then, we were still very much kids.
William, he says it all there, Lionel, doesn't it?
You know, the thing is that I remember one time we first met, he kept saying gentlemen, gentlemen to us, because -- say that to us.
And did you realize at the time what a big deal it was?
You know, I did realize.
Is it a stretch to say that Dick Clark played a really significant and valuable role in the civil rights movement because of the way that he brought black performers and black bands and music to mainstream American television?
I don't think it's a stretch at all.
What was it about him, do you think, that made him so universally popular?
I think it is what the guys were saying, that he didn't put his own opinion -- he really represented the music that America loved and wanted to hear.
He was really, as Larry King and others said earlier, pretty unique and pretty irreplaceable, wasn't he?
He was sprinkling, you know, this magical dust of sorts across television with award shows and reality shows and game shows.
Would you go along with that?
I think a lot of people in the television industry do feel like he's the closest.
You're quite a naughty girl, aren't you, Vanessa?
Naughty out of hurdle, maybe, yes.
What should I do?
If I were you, I'd be doing what you know is right and nothing less in that process.
This is an extraordinary development after so long, isn't it?
Completely extraordinary.
I mean this could have been pretty scandalous, isn't it, that this man, if he is the guy that did this, has been allowed to roam the streets for 33 years?
Scandalous, yes.
How does the family feel about the potential for George Zimmerman being released on bail tomorrow?
Well, we feel that some crimes are nonbondable offense and second-degree murder is one of these, Piers.
Tell me why, and also tell me is it a possibility this meeting could happen in the future do you think?
Well, Piers, let me first say that Sybrina Fulton is a Christian woman.
How are they feeling about that?
Well, obviously it's going to be very emotional being in the same room with the killer of your child.
What do you think that means for the possibility of George Zimmerman being released on bail?
In some ways, this is the perfect judge, if you're a defense lawyer, to have make this decision.
Is it likely, do you think, all things considered he'll be released?
I -- all things considered, I think it is likely.
Well, I'm just asking, I mean, does that come into play as a factor in such a high-profile case, that not that he's a threat to other people but that his own life might be actually at risk and he's better off actually being inside, not on bail?
It's -- I've never seen a published case that argues that.
In their effort to keep him inside, can we expect new evidence to emerge by the prosecution tomorrow?
Yes.
Is it more difficult to get a conviction under the second-degree murder charge he's on?
It's a great question, because I think, no.
It's a fascinating case, isn't it?
It really is.
What do they need from somebody like you?
Well, they all have something different.
When that specific thing is happening, what do you say?
It's not a say, it's putting him back in state.
I mean despite all these incredible things that you've experienced, to have the president of your country call you in his great hour of need?
Well, you know, if you're thinking about yourself in a moment like that, you can't really serve, so then it would be all about you.
Do you personally ever have crushing moments of self- doubt?
Self-doubt as often as you do.
Now be honest, when you first heard that, what was your reaction?
That was pretty horrific.
How helpful is that to exuding the kinds of inner self-belief that you clearly have?
Well, clearly it's not just about inner self-belief, it's really about people getting to the truth.
Did she ever tell you she loved you?
Absolutely.
OK?
Sounds like perfect.
What does he need?
I'm a strategist.
In one minute or two?
Yes.
What's the last one of your five points?
It's the health side.
What are you thinking when it all started erupting like this?
Well, there was a large part that was fantastic and positive and overwhelming.
Do you feel that you achieved that goal?
Yeah, partly.
Do you think you would have had the platform to realize your dreams?
Absolutely.
You weren't quite what your teachers thought, were you?
You have no idea.
That was a great part, wasn't it?
I loved Whilemina.
Stuff you dream of, isn't it?
Wearing fabulous clothing and bossing people around.
So I know that that, in the end, is the glue, isn't it?
Absolutely.
How many times did you say you've been properly in love?
Oh, boy.
You married two of them?
Yes.
Or am I making an assumption there?
Well, I do mention in the book that the two marriages that I -- I ended up getting married to I was pregnant both times that I got married.
Have you matured fully or are you still slightly naughty?
I have nothing going on in my life right now.
Would you?
Yeah.
If I could find for you now the perfect man, based on all you've learned about love, romance, divorce, heartbreak, what would he be like?
Available, and available for a relationship, and not afraid of a relationship.
Did the president call?
NIDENTIFIED FEMALE: No.
Why did you wait so long to tell them?
I was told not to communicate with them.
And also to his public apology?
Well, the family was prepared for George Zimmerman getting a bail.
I mean, can you really blame him for wanting to do what everyone's been screaming at him to do?
Well, the apology is for the family.
Are they prepared for that eventuality?
Well, this family has said all along that they have full faith in the justice system.
Would you have expected that knowing Florida law as you do?
Well, it was a discretionary call by the judge.
Do you agree with what he just said?
Piers, I have been in a legal community in Miami for well over 20 years.
I mean, what did you make of what they were saying?
Well, I don't really agree with at least the last commentator.
Would you be confident if you were defending George Zimmerman now from everything you've seen, read, and heard?
Well, Piers, I was really sort of shocked watching this hearing.
What's your gut tell you?
Well, it may be they're holding it back.
How do you expect a judge to do a decent job in making a ruling when you don't give him any evidence?
Yes.
What do you feel about it?
Well, I'm -- you know, I -- I can't -- I feel that the pain, you know, that the family is going through.
Do you think that George Zimmerman was a racist who targeted Trayvon because he was black?
Well, I -- what I think is the laws are - the rules are old.
What do you think of that?
Well, you know, it's probably an old stigma also because you got to look at the -- you know, the way our country was built.
When you wrote the book, what are your feelings when you finished it towards the officers who did what they did to you that day 21 years ago?
First of all, thank goodness that I stayed alive.
Have you forgiven, in your mind, the policemen that did what they did?
Yes.
Going forward?
Oh, yes.
How do you feel now about the police?
I have much respect for them, much respect.
How are you?
I love the way you were laughing so uncomfortably at yourself dancing there.
Well, I mean, could you imagine if you were dancing like that?
No.
Oh, it is?
Pretty much, yes.
Do you still look on scenes like that with great affection or does it become this terrible curse you wish you'd ever been involved with?
Hardly.
"Seinfeld"?
Yes.
At moment when you first start making (INAUDIBLE), at what moment do you start thinking -- actually this could be huge?
I think I never really caught up to how big -- honestly to how big it was until right before we ended.
Really?
I swear to you.
Didn't like 100 million people watch that?
I don't remember.
Really?
It was like a Super Bowl, yes.
Do we have a fact checker here?
If I'm exaggerating, go with me.
Do you have like little "Seinfeld" reunions in some dingy little bar in Manhattan?
We get together on a daily basis.
Do the ships just pass out of the port and that's it?
We do see each other on occasion.
What is it about that show, do you think?
Well, I think it's a couple things.
Don't you have a bleeper here?
Yes, we're going to have to now.
Did you have more or less sympathy for her by the end of your process, just on what it takes to be a vice president?
I have more sympathy for all women in government.
More Sarah Palins?
No, not more Sarah Palins in my opinion.
No, I mean just generally for women in America right now?
Well, it's interesting because all of these issues are -- trans-vaginal probes and --
Are you expecting some sharp flip-flopping?
I know.
What do you make of your country right now generally?
I love it.
What is the solution for America?
I have no idea.
How are we going to get there?
For my children, I want my children to be active.
What else?
That's good.
You do?
Yes, it's why you should be running for office.
What office do you think I should run for?
I would go on the anti-transvaginal probe brigade.
What part of that character did he fall in love with?
I'm not sure any part of it.
Yeah, you think?
Yes, definitely.
How have the pair of you, who are in the same profession, managed to stay happily married for 25 years?
Well, let's see, first of all, we're separating.
How did you know he was the right guy?
Here's the deal.
Do you feel lucky?
I do feel lucky.
Do you make each other laugh?
Oh, yeah.
Because there's an "SNL" battle every day?
No, it's not an "SNL" battle.
Are you seriously about to split up?
No, I'm kidding.
What could go wrong?
Yes.
(on camera) You're quite a naughty girl, aren't you, Vanessa?
Naughty - fertile, maybe, yes.
What do I have no idea about?
The title of the book originally came to me because I had gotten some interested about doing a memoir for years.
What are you thinking when it all starts erupting like this?
Well, there was a large part that was fantastic and positive and overwhelming.
Do you feel you achieved that goal?
Yes, partly.
Do you feel like a little part of you has constantly been having to prove people wrong?
But there's no pressure, you know, when you're always underestimated -
Satisfying, too, isn't it?
ILLIAMS: Exactly.
Why didn't you listen to your mum?
Because I'm a rebel.
You weren't quite what your teachers thought, were you?
You have no idea.
That was a great part, wasn't it?
I loved Wilhelmina.
The stuff you dream of, isn't it?
ILLIAMS: I think so, wearing fabulous clothing and bossing people around.
Is that right?
No.
When did you have that conversation?
Actually, we never had it.
So your mother read it?
Read it, yes.
When your mother read it, what did she say to you?
She didn't say anything.
You haven't had any contact again?
No.
Of all the things that you did, what made him the proudest, do you think?
Oh, I would say Broadway because he knew that that was my dream.
What did he say to you afterwards?
We had a reception at my parents' house, and he just said that he was very proud and he knew that I accomplished a dream.
Because there's no escaping, is there?
No escaping.
Do you think you would have had the platform to realize your dreams?
Absolutely.
Were you slightly stigmatized by what happened?
Oh, very stigmatized.
Really?
I don't think slightly.
What did your dad say to you?
My dad - I was in hiding.
Why try and hide what's happened?
You know, I knew my parents were there.
Was it any comfort to you that it was a massively successful publication, the Vanessa Williams nude pictures?
No, no.
How do you feel about that?
It's getting sad.
Why?
Well, you've written about it.
I've been through the same, so I know that that in the end is the glue, isn't it?
Yes, yes.
How many times would you say you've been properly in love?
Oh, boy.
And you married two of them?
Yes.
Or am I making an assumption there?
Well, I do mention in the book that the two marriages that I ended up getting married to - I was pregnant both times that I got married.
You're quite a naughty girl, aren't you, Vanessa?
Naughty - fertile, maybe, yes.
Have you matured fully, or are you still slightly naughty?
ILLIAMS: I have nothing going on in my life now, so I have nothing to be naughty about.
Would you?
Yes, I would.
You did go out with Robert De Niro?
I went to his house.
Is that the same thing?
Yes.
Do you think it was ever going to be a Broadway thing out of that meeting?
I don't think so.
If I could find for you now the perfect man based on all you've learned about love, romance, divorce, heartbreak, what would he be like?
Available and available for a relationship and not afraid of a relationship.
Is 90 the word you're looking for?
Don't say you're 90.
Why have you been playing so hard to get?
I just wanted you to really want me.
HITE: Yes?
I want you to kiss my chubby fingers in the way you just did in that clip.
What motivates her to still do this?
I happen to love what I do for a living.
What is the Betty White magic?
It's not magic.
Really?
Yes.
Are we still talking professional offers?
Yes, mostly.
I mean, do you still get men making inappropriate suggestions?
Well --
Or is there something else that you don't understand?
Well, actually, there is.
And if so, how old is that top?
Oh, it's probably like the rest of my wardrobe.
Am I right?
Yes, well --
Any nip and tuck ever gone on?
No.
Can you believe the way your life has gone, Betty?
No.
Crazy, eh?
And in the middle of all that, there was the love of my life.
I mean, they lasted a combined total of about three years, didn't they?
Oh, if that.
But what was the reality of you and romantic life in those early days?
Well, back in those days -- that's why people like Elizabeth Taylor are married so many times.
Did you really?
Yes.
Ever since that day have you ever even really looked at another man, or was that -- for you was that it?
As far as falling in love and being in love.
What is true love to you?
Allen Ludden.
What should women strive to get to to get the love you had?
It was his enthusiasm.
What would he have made of the way your career has just reached this extraordinary plateau?
He would have been thrilled to pieces.
Are you aware of the history?
Well, I'm aware that he was George Washington's ruthless chief of staff --
Really?
Yes.
Do you agree with that?
I -- Piers, we wouldn't be doing -- you and I wouldn't be doing this interview if it wasn't for both the love of our parents and the education we received and their focus on education.
Why is that?
Well, the fact is that we haven't focused like we need to on our educational system.
How does she define the opportunity to you?
Well --
At the time?
Well, first of all, there's a couple of things, and it's not -- it's hard to reduce.
What was your biggest ever failure?
Well, I've had two.
Which was the finger?
My middle finger on my right hand.
Because it was amputated, right?
Yes, they had died, different -- at different times.
What did you learn about yourself?
Well, from the one incidence in the hospital, never, ever take life for granted; more importantly than that, I wanted to get everything I could out of life, because you never know when it can flip on you.
What is the idea behind bringing them to a school like this?
Well, first of all, what I -- we have, with Robert F. Kennedy and the City of Chicago, Robert F. Kennedy Foundation, the City of Chicago, the Nobel Peace Prize winners from around the world.
What would you say?
Well, first of all, it's like everything.
What would you -- what would you put into the must-do-better box?
Look, he'd be the first to say that there are -- there are more things to do in the sense of getting the middle class the economic security they need.
How is he going to win the economic argument against Mitt Romney, who will be chucking the kitchen sink at him and saying, I'm the business guy that can get us out of this?
Well, first of all, the policies Mitt Romney advocate are the policies that got us into it.
But has he been frustrated, do you think, that he can't force the rate of change as much as he'd like to, and what does he blame that on?
Well, you have to -- I'm not going to speak for him.
-- this election?
No, no, Piers, you can't -- there's a set of -- there's not a thing to look at both the individuals, their character, their judgment and their policies.
You don't buy that?
No.
What does being an American mean to you?
It means a great -- a great country with great people with great promise.
What are you going to do about this and what does it say about race in America right now?
Well, first of all, I was in Inglewood yesterday at a church, because we have to bring the ministers and what goes on in that church outside that church.
Do you agree with that?
Yes, it's totally unacceptable.
Sean, when you were in school, what was the big dream for you?
Well, in fact, I had been very interested in being a lawyer.
What did you get from it?
Well, first of all, looking out at the kids, I think this is a particular school here that we got to visit, because there is really that diversity where -- you know, so much is said about diversity in the United States and yet we don't make much use of it.
And how damaged has that become, do you think?
Well, looking at this group of kids, I think, was very encouraging.
What do you think of that?
I would agree with it.
Are you relieved that Mitt Romney is the assumed nominee for the Republicans, in the sense that he is, by common consent, the least right wing of the ones that were left in the race?
You know, I -- I don't know that I feel there's enormous productivity in talking about Mitt Romney.
How's it doing?
Right now we're looking to the ratification of Minister Lamont as prime minister.
How weird is it to be, as you have been in the last few months, making a movie and simultaneously trying to revive a country like Haiti?
Well -- yeah.
I mean has there ever been a time in American modern political history where the fate of a president has been so determined, some would argue, by straight cash through these strange institutions, the super PAC?
In modern times, absolutely not.
Are these misleading, these figures?
You know, there's an apples and oranges thing going on.
That's not good for American democracy, if that's what happens?
No, it's very much a replay of the gilded age in the late 19th century when we had far few -- less regulation than we do now where plutocrats and people who were, you know, incredibly wealthy, which is fine, they're entitled to be wealthy, represent their own interests in the -- in the polling booth by just, you know, pulling the trigger from afar.
That's why they call him the POTUS, which means person on top -- what is it?
Jimmy, POTUS stands for president of the United States.
What do you think of that?
I think it's going to back fire.
If you're Mitt Romney, what's the smart pick for you?
I really believe in the old cliche do no harm.
What do you think?
Well, I think it's true, although she's -- you know, she's in academia and that's certainly a legitimate calling.
What do you think?
I feel we've had a down period.
How much should American companies like Apple be following the Starbucks lead and bringing jobs back to America, opening factories here, even if it costs them more money to do that?
Well, I don't think you can have a one-size-fits-all policy, but I do think it's something that corporations have to take into consideration more, and it's going to require real building, because it also means that corporations have to get in the whole issue -- involved in the issue of education, local communities.
Come November the 5th, who's going to be sitting pretty as the president?
You.
Could it be as simple as gas prices?
No.
What did you hope to achieve?
Yes, well, you know, when I walked in, I was kind of overwhelmed, too.
Do you sense that because of people like you that it's become now a public movement that's unstoppable?
You know, in the last two years we've seen a rise of about 9 percent in support for marriage equality, from 44 percent in 2010, 53 percent today.
What do you say to people that have that kind of view?
Yes, so there are certainly a number of things anybody might choose to say to that person but I think first and foremost, it's important for everybody to remember to be respectful and courteous in these kinds of conversations because if you're not, you're going to alienate the people who, you know, we need to be having these conversations with.
Yes?
-- and it looks like he's the nominee, he has already been outspoken against gay marriage.
How do you feel about having a president that would, at the moment, outlaw your parents?
Well, it's a very full circle moment.
So you're a smart guy, aren't you?
I -- I do what I can.
People even believe that, don't they?
AHLS: Yes.
How are you dealing with your new celebrity?
You know, I travel a lot and that's -- it's hard.
Yes?
I thought that she was very like talkative.
Do you remember the day we did that?
Well, this is the weird thing --
Like that picture?
Yes.
When was it taken?
That was taken May the 4th, 2009.
What are you -- what were you doing?
I was -- well, see I -- now, I didn't even see that.
-- you're double that, correct?
I'm double that.
What else would I possibly be doing with you?
Yes.
How do you look so amazing?
Oh, well, you know, I lost my parents really young.
They've never had a cheeseburger?
No.
You've got two boys, right?
Two boys, yes, 16 and 17, almost 18.
What do they make of your strange memory?
Well, they've grown up with it, you know, so they -- and they have very good memories, both of them.
You know, I can more remember the last Scrabble game we had, you know what I'm saying?
Well, let's just put this to the test, because I --
So if I was to say to you, what did you do on August the 16th, 1977?
Oh, OK.
Isn't that the -- the truth?
No, I mean look --
Oh, really?
I wouldn't know what month, what day, nothing.
Does your memory go back that far?
It does.
Because it's happened today?
Because it happened today and --
Very quickly, can you be trained to have anything like this kind of memory?
You may not be able to have HSAM, but I know that I can bring back people's memories in -- in ways that they never imagined before.
Oh, you mean it's over?
It's over.
And what was he like then?
Tall and quiet.
-- African-American president, an amazing thing?
Absolutely shocked.
What do you think?
I think both are true.
-- you know, it would have been unthinkable that people talked about each other in this way that they are now, quite openly, in Washington?
No, you're right.
What do you make of this, as a parent and as an American?
NDERWOOD: Well, you know, I had a conversation with my son when this hit the news.
Has it changed?
I still say -- and, you know, there's a conversation about do you wear -- can you wear a hoodie, should you not wear a hoodie.
But is there a point about a young, black teenager and the hoodie as an emblem of suspicion, of a potential troublemaker?
The point is, as I said to my son, you're beautiful.
You're talking about black-on-black crime?
Yes.
Did you say 68?
Sixty-eight.
Are you excited by this?
Oh, man, Piers, I'm having the time of my life.
Hmm?
Something's missing.
What is the most corrupting influence, do you think?
I think the adultery, the paparazzi, everybody cheering and so many -- including many I've worked with -- don't think they deserve such yelling and screaming.
How do you feel about being involved in one of the really appalling films ever made?
I'm happy I did it for two reasons.
How do you go wrong with that?
He's great.
Would you agree that "Exit to Eden" was one of the big turkeys?
Well, people keep asking me now because I did "Exit to Eden," and they're not trying -- well, Garry, "Exit to Eden," bombed.
Do you think she has it in her to play somebody like Liz Taylor?
I think she has it in it, if you can get her to come and, you know, on the set and everything.
Who's been the greatest movie star that you've seen for whatever reason?
The best one I ever worked with just for all the reasons is Julie Andrews.
In a dream movie?
In a dream movie, I'd put somebody that I have.
I want you to get lost, all right?
Hey, nobody moves.
What do you make of what's going on right now?
In my country, in my life I saw rough patches.
What has it done to American society and culture -- the Internet -- do you think?
Well, first there was gossip, and you have gossip, but every country has gossip.
Are you laughing now?
Health care in these days is a bit of a joke.
You do hint -- just a hint -- an illusion to a romance between Julia Roberts and Richard Gere?
Richard and Julia really had great chemistry, and part of it is because they liked each other, they didn't know each other, and they liked each other, and when they were working, they didn't have anything else to do.
He was like the coolest dude on TV, wasn't he?
Well, he wasn't in real life.
Was he never cool?
ARSHALL: Well, he's cool now.
He really is, isn't he?
Truly.
When did he come into your life, Christian?
He came into my life when I had -- I moved to the beach.
You didn't even notice him?
I noticed him as a friend.
I can take that leap?
He's a man like I've never met before.
Which is fine if it's you, but how does he feel about that?
I don't know.
I think he -- it's a love/hate thing with my big mouth, right?
There can't be many men who are going to object to having somebody like you, internationally famous, beautiful woman saying it's the best sex she's ever had.
It's not exactly the most damning thing ever, is it?
No, no.
What did you learn about yourself on this pretty rocky journey?
Well, I mean, to never say never.
What's your fighting weight now?
I guess about 135.
To any women watching this who have battled this for decades, perhaps, what is the trick to keeping it off?
Well, you've thrown me the curve ball and now I'm going to hit it out of the park.
How much sex are you having?
I'm joking.
There's no easy route, is there?
There isn't.
Is that the statistic?
I think that is the correct -- I mean, it's a very, very small number.
There are pictures of you naked in a bathtub?
Oh, no, there's video.
It's almost like the classic -- I don't want to say, but it's like the classic ugly duckling story, isn't it?
Thank you.
Why do you think that at 18, you ended up so overweight, so unhappy, I would guess as well?
It's in the book.
When you see headlines like that, and millions of people are reading them, what does it do to a woman?
It's unfortunate, but it's -- we are public figures and we put ourselves out there.
He says here you never wined about being famous?
No, I'm sort of an unfamous famous person.
Is that as horrific as it seems?
I actually really liked it.
You must get all sorts of weirdos, don't you?
Well, there's weirdos that you meet in a bar too.
See, that is true, isn't it?
It's really hard to meet people.
Oh, what, being at a healthy weight or having success?
No, appearing on a show like this with your handsome new husband, having the greatest sex of all time.
When you finished the book and you did the last words and it all went off, what did you feel?
AKE: It was an accomplishment.
Of all the things that you talk about in here, the amazing life that you have had up and down, excluding marriage and the birth of children, what has been the greatest and the worst moment of your life, do you think?
I'd say hitting bottom and losing my house when I was 21 years old, and being 260 pounds and in an abusive relationship, that was my low point and that was also a gift, because I was able to learn a very valuable lesson about money and -- you know, because I had lost a ton of money in that bad choice of buying a house at 19 years old.
If I could relive a moment right now, what would you choose?
"Hair Spray."
NIDENTIFIED MALE: (Inaudible) the order, Governor?
Well, of course.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
Do you think it's reprehensible?
Well, I do -- I do and going by Obama's own standards, I think it's reprehensible.
Do you agree with him?
Yes, pretty much.
Do you agree with him?
OK.
What is the difference?
There's a big difference.
I'm having a what?
A category error.
A category error?
Yes.
I'm sure you've heard of that, right?
Explain to me why I've got my apples and oranges mixed up, that.
For the American people?
Yes.
What's your point?
My point is that he wasn't the day-to-day tactical operative, guy running Al Qaeda.
Are we really going to have -- ?
Yes, we are having this argument.
Why is it stupid?
Because instead of making it -- taking a victory lap and getting the praise that he deserved for the decision, he turned it into this nanny-nanny-nanny thing against Mitt Romney, changing -- stepping on his own presidential message.
He wouldn't have reminded his number one challenger that he said he wouldn't have spent the money?
Well, first of all, your characterization of what Mitt Romney said, I think, is off.
(Inaudible)?
It didn't cost --
Are we really going to do this sort of high school debating tactic crap?
I'm curious what you're thinking what (inaudible).
That's cheap in the Republican world?
That's cheap in comparison to what the cost of the war on terror is.
Would you dispute that after eight years of Republican administration the country went into a huge economic collapse?
No, but that's a timeline question.
I don't know what it cost, the mission, actually, but (inaudible) cheap is part of the problem here?
I think the debate tactic of getting -- of sort of standing on a soap box and waxing poetic about how much I think this operation cost is cheap.
That's good journalism, isn't it?
Maybe, yes.
Isn't that the point of an interview about this kind of issue?
Well, you're cross-examining me.
I mean, are they really expecting us to believe that if Mitt Romney was president, he wouldn't do stuff like this occasionally?
I would think he would do stuff like that.
I mean, isn't this good for America?
I think as -- all in all, it's better to have a cool president than a not cool president.
Is Mitt Romney a dork?
He's a stiff, to be sure.
What's the difference?
Oh, the etymological differences are small.
Is there a difference between a stiff and a dork?
I would think there probably is, yes.
Can you enunciate for me?
I would say the latter is more of a geeky nerd sort of type.
Could you be a stiff and a dork?
Oh, absolutely.
Do you want to start chanting?
No --
But just to clarify you are a 100 percent bona fide Arsenal supporter?
Yeah, man.
Are you?
Well, what I am is actually I'm a co-founder of a voter organization that's non-partisan.
What do you think of him as a speaker?
Oh, I think he's a great speaker.
Are you surprised a politician would do that?
I'm not surprised a politician would do that.
Would they work?
I think so.
Why aren't they voting?
-- huge.
How are you encouraging them?
Absolutely I think they have been.
What?
.
Why should I be talking about trains?
Well, we have National Train Day, which is the fifth one of its kind, coming up May 12th.
Is the point basically that with gas prices soaring, gas guzzling cars on the increase, it's time for America to wake up, get real, get on the trains and start conserving that kind of wasted energy?
It is definitely one of the greener ways of traveling.
Do you still get on the subway, seriously?
Of course I do.
How do you answer those two charges?
Well, in terms of being the best criminal defense lawyer, I leave that to others like Jeff if they want to comment.
You must have quite liked that poll, didn't you?
I like that.
How much of what you bring to the courtroom is down to that upbringing?
I think a lot.
What process do you go through in your head?
I think it's important for me that whoever the client is, even if they are powerful, important celebrity super star, that they understand that I am in charge until this case is resolved, that this is not business as usual.
Is that right?
Yes.
Or is your job to ensure that the opposition, the prosecution can't prove 100 percent your client's guilty?
Every case is different.
What do you make of the Trayvon Martin case?
It's a horrible case.
Do you think it should be scrapped after this?
I think it's a terrible law.
What do you make of the John Edwards case?
It's a sad case in many ways, because I think the perception of John Edwards before this case and before his fall from grace was that he is a pretty good guy and that he might have been actually a very good president.
How difficult is it now to defend high profile people, particularly politicians, who are by nature polarizing, when you have this kind of overwhelming media onslaught?
It's much more difficult than it ever was.
What did he say to you at the end?
God bless you, thank you.
What is the reaction of the Afghani people to this announcement by the president?
To be honest, it's hard to tell.
I mean aren't the Taliban just waiting in the mountains for the American troops to pull out and just to get back to what they did before?
You make a good point there, Piers.
Or hasn't it really been a counterterrorist operation that will now continue with more emphasis on Afghan troops than American troops?
Well, not really.
Have they?
No, they really haven't.
So isn't he entitled to remind the American people that it was a pretty successful mission, that it got rid of a pretty awful man?
But he didn't do it.
What is the historical significance of the president's visit to Afghanistan tonight and the speech he's made outlining the future there?
Well, I think it's very important.
What did you think?
No, he didn't get into, you know, a lot of politic -- political talk if you will in this 10-minute address he gave to the nation from the Bagram Air Base.
Let me turn to you, Doug Brinkley, I mean is that a fair criticism of the president, do you think, that he's just -- really this is just cheap politics?
No, it's cheap politics.
What was your reaction to that quote there from the Senate Armed Services Committee member?
Well, that was over the top.
Has America really got more out of this whole conflict in Afghanistan than the Soviets did?
That's yet to be determined.
When you look at President Obama's foreign policies since he became president, are you impressed by the way that he has conducted it?
I am, I am personally impressed.
But isn't it just weird that in the modern political world with the rhetoric as it is that he can't even get credit for something so straightforward?
Well, it's also a reminder in the great sweep of history that it's very hard to judge presidential decisions, presidential administrations at the time.
He's got a fight on his hands, doesn't he?
Well, he certainly has a fight on his hands.
When you look back at it, when you finished the book and shut the page, which of all the stories was the one that had the most personal connection for you?
I would say covering Dr. Martin Luther King in the Civil Rights Movement, which was my first big assignment for CBS News.
Do you really?
I do.
What do you think?
I get angry.
Will it ever properly recover from that day?
ATHER: Well, my personal opinion is we have not fully recovered.
Do you think American responded the right way?
I don't in this regard -- again, my personal opinion -- I think the sort of taking the emphasis off Iraq after the initial success and placing it on Afghanistan.
When you look back on the whole thing, knowing everything you now know, is there anything you would have done differently, with the great benefit of hindsight?
Well, we don't have the great benefit of hindsight.
Do you believe to this day those documents were genuine?
I do.
Have you ever had any conversation with President Bush since that?
Once.
Who was the one if you could choose one guy to lead your country?
Dwight Eisenhower would probably be my choice.
When you covered the Civil Rights Movement, did you ever imagine in your lifetime there would be a black president?
Not only did I not imagine it, we used to sit around in the shank of the evening over an adult beverage talking about civil rights.
May I answer that?
That wasn't a question.
Be that inquisitive, that interrogatory?
Frankly, I don't think any reporter could do it today.
When you take an overview, what do you think of modern journalism standards?
Well, American journalism is in crisis, in my opinion.
Really?
I do.
Piers Morgan, are you?
Tonight he's back talking candidly and emotionally about Farrah, Tatum and his other children, and his own battle with cancer.
Did you conclude that?
I feel that I failed Farrah.
Is that a fair allegation, do you think?
Well, I don't know if I'm qualified to judge politics, but I think there is a kind of convergence here.
From what you saw and witnessed ground, what would you say?
Well, it certainly was not covert.
And in a sense, if they don't, then the original point of this war, to go in, yes, to take on al Qaeda but also to take on the Taliban, who are protecting the al Qaeda operatives, if that fails, if the Taliban simply revert to the way they were before, and there is a genuine fear they do that, then the overall gambit, if you like, of the war would have failed, won't it?
Well, you know, it depends on what we feel is a failure.
So in the first instance I was really shocked and I said, oh my god, what is it?
Freaky, yes.
And who went to see who first?
I went to see him first.
In Chicago?
In Chicago.
What did he cook you?
He cooked me Indonesian food on that day.
Any good?
It was really good, it was really good.
Did you feel a brother-sister thing?
Yes, I did.
What did you feel?
It was a moment of great pride because, you know, I was so proud of him.
Did you approve of your brother's choice of bride?
Definitely, definitely.
Do you remember what you said to him?
I said well done, little brother, well done.
Not much more to say, really, is there?
No, no, because he's always my brother and he remains my brother.
Can you speak to him if he's president much?
As much as you speak to your sibling, your brother or your sister, depending on what your work, you know, your time allows.
Is it that easy?
Yes.
What, he picks the phone up?
Look, you can call the White House, there's a number.
You must have been there a few times, right?
Yes, I --
Do you sometimes say to him, look, mate, you're my brother and here's my advice on this?
You know, the thing is, he has such a particular job to do, and I do a certain kind of job myself.
What does your sister do, what is her job?
She's a mother of four children.
Did you hear that?
I did, I heard it.
At Christmas parties, does he do the Al Green impression?
I heard it the first time when he did it on TV.
Did you know he had a good voice?
No, my brother has a sense of humor.
It's an amazing story, isn't it?
Thank you.
What is it?
Yes, there is a Web site.
How are you?
Fine.
How are things now?
Quite good, actually.
ORGAN: Was that helpful or not, doing that show?
I don't think it was very helpful, no.
In what way?
Well, they said you're against him, remember that.
You think from the start the premise was never going to work for you two?
Well, we thought we had a plan, she and I, in that we would make stuff up.
So what is the prognosis for you?
Well, I don't plan to give in to it.
'NEAL: To the story?
Yes, this is your life generally.
How's he doing?
He's -- he hasn't read it.
You have no contact with him?
No.
Do you feel, when you read the book back and you read all this stuff and relived it all -- do you feel you gave parenting your best shot or do you think that you were too selfish, perhaps, at times?
Well, I know I tried.
Did you try hard enough?
I don't know about that.
Did you conclude that?
I feel that I failed Farrah.
Do you regret that now?
Sure.
But do you think you're capable of ever loving like that again?
Only her.
Did you ever hit her inappropriately, now that you look back at it?
Well, I missed her inappropriately.
Did you ever try and punch her?
I -- she went into a bathroom and I punched the door and the door collapsed and hit her in the eye and I broke my hand.
-- a pretty chaotic world, wasn't he?
He was -- he was exposed to two people who loved each other very much, and was confused by what was happening now.
What do you think of what she says there?
I think she's saying a -- a smart thing, absolutely.
I mean when you -- when you said, oh, what's the other one called, how did you feel after you -- you said that?
What -- I don't know what you mean.
I mean you've written a book about them, so I guess it's fair to ask, isn't it?
Well, I thought I was writing about Farrah, but -- but they were around.
I fueled the circus?
No, do you think you fuel -- continue to fuel the circus, when, if you write a book about all the trials and tribulations --
You don't feel you have to go down and get a license?
No, I -- I don't.
How do you deal with that?
As well as I can.
I mean, do you think you ever will be able to?
No.
Let go of my home?
No, or either the home or the memory of Farrah --
In that moment, how did you feel, when she realized what you were doing?
It's the kind of scene that is in films.
The moment you knew you'd lost her, that she'd gone, obviously, you were grief-stricken, but what did you think would happen to the rest of your life without Farrah anymore, given how young she was, comparatively?
Well, my thoughts were for Redmond, because he was in jail and he didn't know.
What does he make of you as a dad, do you think, now?
He likes me.
I mean in an ideal world, how would you see it mapping out?
I -- I don't think about it.
Do you see making movies as part of that?
No --
Would you like to?
Sure.
It's not like you haven't had a few awards -- two Emmys, two SAGs, a Grammy, now a Tony may be heading your way?
Well, I --
Oh, you do?
-- I'll treasure that.
Is there anything you haven't won?
No, no Oscar.
Does it actually work like that?
It can work like that.
It's scary, though?
It's scary.
Really?
Yes, because there is a point later on in the play when my character, Vivian, is in incredible, incredible pain.
I mean, were you a bit staggered, like many people, by the way the Republican race went in its rhetoric about women's issues?
Absolutely.
But has he done enough as president?
You know, there are certain issues on which we can never do enough.
If he gets reelected, where do you want to see a bit more grit?
Well, I certainly would like to see a bit more grit in terms of gay issues, in terms of LGBT issues.
-- if he gets reelected?
-- I don't know if he's going to do that.
Two children?
Yes.
And now you're going to be marrying a woman?
Yes.
Did you expect what was coming your way?
You know, when -- when news of Christine's and my relationship broke, there was this tremendous, you know, we were on the cover of two New York daily newspapers.
How do you wrestle with people who've got religious convictions about it?
Well, you know, I think that the thing is that gay people, that there are a lot of myths about gay people, that they are -- they're sick, or they're -- they prey on children, or they're harmful to children, or they're causing the destruction of the -- of traditional straight marriage.
Are you as happy as you've ever been in your life?
I am definitely as happy as I've ever been.
Maybe the boyfriend will move in?
No, no boyfriend.
What -- what would you like its legacy to be to American women, do you think?
I think that "Sex and the City" showed that it was OK to be single, even if you were in your 30s, even if you were in your 40s, even if you were going to be single for the rest of your life.
So, six months?
Yes.
So we can spend pretty much every minute together?
Right.
But why did you want to do this?
There were a lot of articles being written about, you know, single moms' sort of economic hardship and -- and sort of how they were supporting their families and the idea that a lot of women were having to help their husbands make money for the family and everything.
Who likes it -- is it watched more by men or women?
It's pretty even, actually.
And you know about this phenomenon, do you?
I do.
Is it -- is that basically what this is all about?
Yes, I think so.
What is it?
We saw that they were taking it down --
Yes, who did that?
-- what person decided, you know what, those need to be smaller, so I'm just going to --
I know, right?
Without any involvement.
You did?
Yes, they're in my home.
Where have you put them?
I haven't decided exactly where they're going to go yet.
Do you think true love is out there, Jennifer?
I think so.
Waiting to lure you in?
At some point hopefully.
Huh?
You left me.
What is -- what is Hollywood like?
OVE HEWITT: I mean I think it's a great place.
Have you ever been lured into the Hollywood temptations that bring so many of your peer group crashing to the ground?
No.
Do you have sympathy for those that do?
I do.
What about this whole obsession with size zero and skinniness?
It's hard.
Do you like doing stuff like that?
It's fun.
Why do you think that is?
I don't know.
What do you think that person is like?
I don't know.
Are you?
Yeah.
If there are men watching this interview thinking, she's single?
Yeah.
In one of the many dreams that you have -- we have already discussed this -- do you dream of a wonderful, white wedding and then having kids and everything else?
I definitely dream of kids.
Can you see how that could also, in the right place, be misconstrued as a mating signal?
Well, sure, I think that would be more like coming at you.
Yes, which is very exciting, right?
Actually, I was going to ask you, it's a sad day for entertainment today.
Are you a fan of the band?
I was, yeah, big time.
But it's a sad day, isn't it?
It is sad.
Were they?
Yes.
Why can't I have both?
I'll award your one now.
Can I do that?
You can do that.
Tell me why you would say something like that?
Well, usually when I play matches, yes, the match is in my hands.
But when you look at the incredible achievements that you and Venus have had, do you miss anything of that childhood that you had to sacrifice?
You know, when you're younger and you see the playground there, you see other things, you see your friends, or peers, going different places, and it's like, you know, you want to try that or you want to do that.
Who would win?
First of all, I definitely think it would be in -- go to a tie break, because we both have amazing serves.
Who's more ruthless when it really comes to it?
I'm really, really ruthless out on the court, but so is Venus.
You realize you just sentenced your sister to having all her limbs cut off?
If it was down to limbs, they could take my limbs.
-- and you're winning, what do you experience?
Well, when you're out there, you have to take the winners attitude, at least I do.
Who are the people, in any sphere of life, historically or now, that you really put on a platform?
Well, I think I mean -- I never really got to see him fight, but I loved Mohammed Ali.
Forty-love?
Not 40-love.
Isn't that crazy?
-- in the middle of this.
Isn't that amazing?
This is your private jet boudoir.
You wanted to share that with the rest of us?
Yeah.
How?
Yeah.
How can you be single?
You know, I think it has a little bit to do with my career, and you know, just making some decisions that aren't the right -- yeah.
ORGAN: Do you know how many hearts broke all over the world when they read that?
Well, I hope not.
Can you now withdraw that Tweet?
No, I'm not going to withdraw that Tweet.
You're not going to never go out with another man again, are you?
You know, I'm not ready yet.
Doesn't it?
It's not a fun space, actually.
Are you a romantic by nature?
I am.
How many times would you say you have been properly in love in your life?
Probably just once.
Once?
Yeah.
It's bad, isn't it?
Yeah.
I don't want you to put that on me?
I'm just curious.
For the viewers' point of view, what are they called?
They're -- our mission -- Missions is one of the companies that I'm owner of.
Do I?
You said some fighting words earlier on Twitter.
Yes?
You will.
Did the president call?
No.
What do they need from somebody like you?
Well, they all have something different.
When that specific thing is happening, what do you say?
It's not a say, it's putting him back in state.
I mean despite all these incredible things that you've experienced, to have the president of your country call you in his great hour of need?
Well, you know, if you're thinking about yourself in a moment like that, you can't really serve, so then it would be all about you.
Do you personally ever have crushing moments of self-doubt?
Self-doubt as often as you do.
Now be honest, when you first heard that, what was your reaction?
That was pretty horrific.
How helpful is that to exuding the kinds of inner self-belief that you clearly have?
Well, clearly it's not just about inner self-belief, it's really about people getting to the truth.
Did she ever tell you she loved you?
Absolutely.
OK?
Sounds like perfect.
What does he need?
I'm a strategist.
In one minute or two?
Yes.
What's the last one of your five points?
It's the health side.
How are you?
I love the way you were laughing so uncomfortably at yourself dancing there.
Well, I mean, could you imagine if you were dancing like that?
No.
Oh, it is?
Pretty much, yes.
Do you still look on scenes like that with great affection or does it become this terrible curse you wish you'd ever been involved with?
Hardly.
"Seinfeld"?
Yes.
At moment when you first start making (INAUDIBLE), at what moment do you start thinking -- actually this could be huge?
I think I never really caught up to how big -- honestly to how big it was until right before we ended.
Really?
I swear to you.
Didn't like 100 million people watch that?
I don't remember.
Really?
It was like a Super Bowl, yes.
Do we have a fact checker here?
If I'm exaggerating, go with me.
Do you have like little "Seinfeld" reunions in some dingy little bar in Manhattan?
We get together on a daily basis.
Do the ships just pass out of the port and that's it?
We do see each other on occasion.
What is it about that show, do you think?
Well, I think it's a couple things.
Don't you have a bleeper here?
Yes, we're going to have to now.
Did you have more or less sympathy for her by the end of your process, just on what it takes to be a vice president?
I have more sympathy for all women in government.
More Sarah Palins?
No, not more Sarah Palins in my opinion.
No, I mean just generally for women in America right now?
Well, it's interesting because all of these issues are -- trans-vaginal probes and --
Are you expecting some sharp flip-flopping?
I know.
What do you make of your country right now generally?
I love it.
What is the solution for America?
I have no idea.
How are we going to get there?
For my children, I want my children to be active.
What else?
That's good.
You do?
Yes, it's why you should be running for office.
What office do you think I should run for?
I would go on the anti-transvaginal probe brigade.
What part of that character did he fall in love with?
I'm not sure any part of it.
Yeah, you think?
Yes, definitely.
How have the pair of you, who are in the same profession, managed to stay happily married for 25 years?
Well, let's see, first of all, we're separating.
How did you know he was the right guy?
Here's the deal.
Do you feel lucky?
I do feel lucky.
Do you make each other laugh?
Oh, yeah.
Because there's an "SNL" battle every day?
No, it's not an "SNL" battle.
Are you seriously about to split up?
No, I'm kidding.
What could go wrong?
Yes.
And you're comfortable with same-sex marriage now?
I -- look, I am vice president of the United States of America.
I mean given the benefit of what -- of hindsight over the last 24 hours, do you still think that everything Joe Biden said is consistent with the president's position?
I feel, Piers, that on the policy that the vice president was describing there, that they are in complete accord.
So why doesn't he just do it now?
Well, again, I'm not going to make news for the president here.
How big a danger does al Qaeda remain if we're still uncovering plots like this?
Well, Piers, I don't know the -- I know what you know about the details of this particular case.
Is that the kind of theme that you'll be looking to press for the campaign?
Well, the -- look, there's no question that we are coming back from the most -- the most vicious, the deepest recession since the Great Depression.
What did you make of it?
Well, I made of it that Vice President Biden, you know, had a policy break from the president.
Is it not better to be a bit more progressive, especially now your man has won the nomination, or effectively won it?
Well, you know, people's beliefs are their beliefs, Piers.
It's not sustainable to say you're worse off, is it?
Well, Piers, the numbers I just cited, you know, are accurate.
Which way are you guys heading?
Well, you know, the fact is, this is a lengthy process.
Did you go along with that?
Sounded like a lot of people I knew on the court.
Is he really?
Yes, that's right.
How does that make you feel?
I don't feel that much different in age from him.
Really?
But she found that women and men are starting to lose their sex drives much earlier than they used to, and -- because of stress and toxicity and normal aging.
Did you ever see "Threes Company" or were you over in England?
I could lie.
-- fascinated by somebody bursting with vitality like you and energy and positive thoughts could actually have a 30 years feud?
You know, such a long story.
What's the short version?
I was fired for asking to be paid commensurate with the men.
Was this guy a sleeper put into al Qaeda in the Yemen by the CIA or was it another twist?
Well, that's not clear at this point, or we just don't know those details yet.
What do you make of two things, I guess, one, the more sophisticated bomb that they were working on, but secondly, this whole notion, potentially of having sleepers, agents inside al Qaeda now?
ASTINGS: Well, first I think you look at it, Yemen has become the hot new battleground in the war on terror.
Why wouldn't they reveal all the details?
Well, it's clearly a big intelligence success for the Americans, for the Saudis.
What would you imagine is going on now within al Qaeda as an overall organization?
They must have been in a state of panic.
Mr. Perkins, tell me why are you so implacably opposed to two loving people getting married?
Well, Piers, it's not just me, but North Carolina, as it looks like 60 percent of the voters there are poised to adopt the state amendment.
You treat it as a celebrity bag extension?
You know, Piers, I think that's a really question and I think a lot of people will ask that question of themselves, because quite frankly, marriage from -- among heterosexuals has not been good, when we see a divorce rate around 50 percent.
How much more damage can a gay couple do if they're married to the damage they can do to civilization if they're unmarried?
Yes, again, Piers, you're asking great questions because I think those are the questions that are going through people's minds.
You have five kids, right?
Yes, I do.
What would you do if one of them came home and said, dad, I'm gay?
Well, we would have a conversation about it.
Are you ready for round two, Jonah?
I'm struggling to contain my excitement.
I might come out a rabid fascist after the break, who knows?
Who knows.
I promise you were coming to this in detail but on the premise of liberal cliches, is it not a right-wing cliche to assume that anyone that disagrees with you on any kind o matter automatically has to be a screaming liberal?
I'm glad you brought this up, because the one question you asked me on the last show about my book, I gave you the answer, and I said look, liberals and conservatives are like our ideological but conservatives admit it.
Then you must be -- you must be the least bulliable person ever created, aren't you?
I said you tried to bully me, I didn't say you bullied me.
If I was a liberal responding to the allegation that essential to your block, I'd say, come on, Jonah, where is your ideology about gay marriage?
Look, I think we have a misunderstanding about ideology.
Is this another cheap bit of liberal cliche riddled nonsense?
It was FDR --
What really compelled you to write this book?
Well, one of my great frustrations when I speak on college campuses, in particular, is how so many kids are taught to be deeply skeptical of ideological statements, but they'll let these cliches just sort sail right through.
Well, what is wrong with those two -- what is wrong with those two statements?
In terms of better 10 guilty men go free, right, if you look at it as an ideological statement, I have no problem with it.
And doesn't that inevitably lend to a more cliche ridden game?
Sure, absolutely.
But to sum up, Republicans are as bad at this as Democrats, right?
They can often be just as bad about as Democrats.
But can I assume what you're about to tell me is out of character?
Yes.
Are you just trying to win the record for the most plugs in one minute?
Well, I am here.
Did you mean what you said about -- why do you feel so exercised about this tax issue?
Because it started off with -- I believed in him.
Really?
No.
You don't think people that ran Wall Street are responsible for a lot of the economic meltdown this country had to suffer?
Maybe some of it, but not all of it.
Who is more responsible, the very, very smart people who know exactly what they are offering or the people who are perhaps not so smart, not so well versed in the property market, in loans, in finance generally, who get seduced into accepting these and then lose everything?
Well, that's wrong, yes.
But who is more responsible?
I don't know.
And what is wrong with taxing the super rich a little bit more then the super poor?
Nothing.
How many are disaffected with Obama, do you think?
A lot, a lot more than they're saying.
Why shouldn't it?
Yeah, but I didn't argue that point.
Would they?
Yes, but he's putting people on the defensive.
Will this change America's mind?
I feel very strongly that marriage is between a man and a woman.
Did I really?
Literally.
How did you personally feel?
I was -- I was sitting home alone.
What do you think this will do to the debate in America?
Well, I mean the presidency above everything else is a bully pulpit.
I mean, does this not illustrate in my view the futility of a state system, where you can travel around America and you can be legally gay married here, not legally gay married there, legally gay married here?
No, it's a big --
Does this make Barack Obama a flip-flopper and does that help Mitt Romney come November?
I don't know whether it's going to help Mitt Romney come November.
What is your reaction to what happened today?
It's astonishing what President Obama did today.
Now I want to ask this gentleman here, does he have a problem with that?
OK.
Well, do you have a problem with that?
Look, I -- the gentleman brings up the golden rule.
What about the Muths?
And --
Do you have a problem with that, sir?
I find -- I find --
You discriminate then, don't you?
-- wanting to make the lifetime commitment of -- wanting to make the lifetime --
-- with two loving Americans getting married?
It's absolutely very simple.
Are these the kind of marriages that you prefer?
No.
To a gay couple that have been together 20 years?
No, it's not just about love.
Why would it?
Well, because, as I've tried to say to you, the social science evidence is on my side, not on your side.
What is it?
And I say to you -- excuse me.
What is the social science evidence?
Excuse me, Piers, look, Alan and Patricia Muth wanted to get married, they're brother and sister.
Bill, let's just -- let's just get back to your views of gay people, all right?
No, we never talked about my views of gay people.
Have you got children?
Yes, of course.
What kind of question is this?
OK.
What would you do to them?
I would love --
What would you say to him?
I would love them because you -- the Catholic Church teaches that all people, gay and straight, should be loved.
So, Clay, you must be pretty happy that he reacted so quickly?
I -- I am.
How did you feel when you heard the news?
You know, it is a little bittersweet.
You know, really?
IKEN: I was worried about coming on here and looking foolish tonight and there's no way that I can now because the standard has dropped to the floor.
I mean seriously?
Well, you know, in North Carolina --
I mean what's it been like?
You know, I think it was an evolution, much like it was for the president.
Pardon me?
If you were Mitt Romney, you might be thinking they were going to hammer me over flip-flopping, I've got him here.
How do you feel about that?
It was shocking, especially when Proposition 8 was first on the ballot, because I felt -- I was just certain that it would never come to be, because we are California.
Why do you think the critics of this care so much?
Well, I mean, it really seems to boil down to the definition of marriage.
I thought, what?
Yeah, that --
Is it more ignorance than bigotry, do you think?
I hope so.
Were you a bit fed up with Vice President Biden when he quoted a rival show, "Will & Grace"?
No.
Do you still get that kind of reaction from anywhere that you go in your country?
I personally have not had that reaction.
What do you personally think of the president of your country sitting there and announcing momentously that he supports gay marriage?
He basically just affirmed what everyone thought anyway.
Did you agree with the president today?
I agreed with the president today.
What do you think of the way the Republicans are now positioning this?
I think Republicans need to embrace the issue.
What do you think?
I think the youth were galvanized to take out their credit cards at least today.
Let me start with you, Ben, yes or no?
I'd say hindered.
Dana?
Hindered.
Elise?
Helped.
Hilary?
I think helped, no question, because Americans want their politicians to believe in themselves and in their communities.
Lewis, how are you?
It gets better all the time.
Why can't they?
Well, you know, I don't know -- the gay couples I know have some of the longest relationships that I know.
You have five kids, right?
Yes, I do.
What would you do if one of them came home and said, dad, I'm gay?
Well, we would have a conversation about it.
If he gets re-elected, where do you want to see a bit more grit?
Well, I certainly would like to see a bit more grit in terms of gay issues, in terms of LGBT issues.
Will you ever get over this?
Never.
Rob, what was it like?
It was a great evening.
Did the stand he took over gay marriage, do you think, get him right back into the Hollywood firmament in one big hit?
Well, I think there was -- there has been a lot of enthusiasm for President Obama before his position on marriage equality.
What do you say to that?
Well, I mean, I would say that it's -- if the other side decides that they're not going to spend any money on the campaign, then I would say that he probably shouldn't go look for places to raise money.
If you're -- if you're putting an overview on his performance so far, how do you think he's done?
I think he's done remarkably well.
What do you think?
Well, I don't know what his thoughts about that are, but I knew -- I don't know that if he ever decides to run for elected office, he'd be terrific.
I mean, a 3-year-old boy suckling on his mother's breast, it's ridiculous, isn't it?
You know, I think it's best to leave these decisions up to the individual mom.
Why are you so fixated on people getting vaccinations for their kids?
Well, the U.N. Foundation came together with Every Child by Two to start raising awareness and funds for vaccination campaigns in developing countries -- which I do think is, you know, one of the great medical interventions of our time.
I mean, do you feel these are dangerous statements by celebrities when they say that kind of thing?
You know, if you look at the data and the science behind these studies, it seems fairly clear that vaccines are very safe.
Are you on the same political side as Mr. Clooney?
I think probably in most things, yes.
Yes, will you be voting for Mr. Obama come November?
You betcha.
Finally, Amanda, how are you spending Mother's Day?
Well, on Mother's Day, I will be with my mother and my mother- in-law.
You -- do you like doing the interviews?
I do.
You've got a 3-year-old boy, right?
Yes, sir.
What was your honest gut reaction?
My first reaction was that -- that must be like a European cover version of "TIME."
(INAUDIBLE)?
I don't think that's actually how she breastfeeds him at three, but --
Don't you just feel deeply uncomfortable looking at that picture?
Not deeply, because she's so attractive.
Doesn't he go to school?
-- you don't get in the business of telling moms what to do, number one.
There has to be limits, doesn't there?
Yes.
Who draws it?
Us.
-- at cover of "TIME" how to -- how to look after her kids?
No, I don't think so.
Were you pleased?
Yes, very pleased.
-- that this is going to force the pace or could it actually create more resistance in a certain sense?
I think you -- I think if you -- if you feel this way on the issue for same-sex marriage, you have to applaud the president for his -- for his bravery in coming out with his personal opinion, right, and stay there.
You study theology?
Yes.
How close were you?
I considered it.
Yes?
-- but the words Carson Daly and celibacy aren't --
A reasonably naughty boy?
ALY: No, I -- listen, I worked hard and, you know, I dropped out of college and I ended up, you know, broke and living in six cities in California and working in music.
What's going on in your mind?
I want to say thank you to everybody that voted for me.
How attached do you get to creating a bona fide star?
Very, very attached.
Life is good for you at the moment, isn't it?
It is.
I mean, personally, you've probably, I would imagine, never been happier, right?
I've never been happier ever.
What have you learned about yourself on this crazy show biz roll you've been on?
Just how proud I am of myself, really, Piers.
What were the values they wanted you to have?
You know the best thing about it, when I was -- I lost my father when I was 5 years old.
Can you believe that?
You asked Siri every day, presumably.
What is the next big ambition for you?
Gosh, you know, I'm -- I don't take anything for granted.
Do you have the empire building ambition of someone like Ryan Seacrest, who you've often been compared with?
No, I don't look at it as empire.
You don't buy into the purity of the Kardashian lifestyle?
That's not the kind of show I would like to produce, personally.
What do you think of Britney Spears joining the "X Factor"?
I think -- I'm excited.
Is this true?
Yes.
But it is a wonderful story, isn't it?
First of all, that term Hollywood royalty really, really scares me.
And what should America and Americans be doing, do you think, to restore it?
My gosh, that's a very -- that's a very heady question there.
Don't you think?
Definitely.
If I suddenly went, shut down, cry in five minutes, could you do that like that?
Under the right circumstances, probably.
What do you tell yourself to make yourself cry?
Well --
Terrible things?
Yeah, you can't go there.
You literally think of awful things?
No.
It's so unnatural, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
What do you feel, Tito, about Conrad Murray?
Well, I feel that like we're supposed to have forgiving hearts.
Do you forgive him?
Sure I forgive him.
Do you all feel that way?
No.
You don't, Jermaine?
No.
What do you feel?
I feel like it's just negligence and not -- it's on his part plus others.
But sometimes if it wasn't for the strap, what would this world be like today?
On what he missed.
Did you ever hope that he would find true love?
I always thought about that, but Michael seemed happy.
What I'm struck by, I love this picture, Katherine which is -- how old is he there, Michael?
He's about 9 or 10 there.
Did he teach himself?
He taught himself.
Was he always painting secretly without people really being aware of it?
Yes.
A bit of escape, is it?
Yes.
And this collection, how many pieces are there in it?
Well, I have -- we have 98 pieces.
Why did he like drawing or painting chairs?
He just had an obsession of chairs.
Are they showing it on?
Yes.
I mean if you had your time again, would you want the kids, especially Michael, to go into that crazy world?
Well, to a certain extent.
Did he -- did he have to be that tough?
ACKSON: I didn't think he was too tough, but in -- back in those days everybody raised their children about the same.
Do you think that the world has gone a bit soft in terms of discipline?
I think it's gone a bit too soft.
Do you?
The bible tells us the world will be destroyed.
When you look at America, modern America now, where do you think people are going wrong especially in bringing up children?
Well, I think society is sometimes is the fault of it.
What are the parents to do?
I mean it's interesting.
How did you feel as his mother?
Oh, my gosh.
Why are they doing this to him?
Just hold that thought for a moment, Katherine.
The rest of the world may not see this in the innocent way that you do?
I've talked to him about it.
I mean do you think that all the drugs he was taking for the anxiety, for the lack of sleep, the painkillers and so on, was it all connected, do you think, in the end to the pressure that he felt and the tension and the stress?
You know what, I think a lot of that was exaggerated about the different things that he was taking.
What do you think, as his mother, caused his death?
I don't know.
Did you ever meet Conrad Murray?
Never met him.
Has he ever tried to contact you?
I don't think so.
He's never written to you or anything?
No.
Will you ever get over this, Katherine, do you think?
Never.
What do you think when you think of him?
I just miss him.
It's so unnatural, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
How did you think he was in the buildup to his death physically?
You know, we have a trial going on and I'd rather not say.
Were you concerned about him?
Oh, yes.
Do you feel that there were bad people around him?
Yes, I do.
It was all about money, you think?
Yes.
How are they getting along?
They're getting along very well.
Is he?
His grades are so good.
Do you see the spirit of Michael in them?
Yes, I do.
If they want to go into show business?
Yes, Paris does.
Do you feel pleased about that or concerned?
Well, I'm pleased and I'm concerned at the same time because I didn't -- I don't think that Michael would wanted her to be out there this soon.
I mean how talented are they?
She's very good.
How do you think they have coped with losing their father?
You know, I don't think that they act like normal children.
Were you concerned about him as a friend?
Well, his enthusiasm to succeed brought all the strength out in him.
Were you concerned as a friend of his about what was possibly going on?
Well, during the time that he was pretty much studying to do these concerts, I had very little contact with him.
Katherine, what would you like Michael's legacy to be?
I know he'll be remembered as the artist he was.
You mean the scenes from Ethiopia and places in Africa with the starving young children?
Starving young children with the big bellies.
What do you think is the biggest misconception about Michael for people who didn't know him?
The things that were coming out, the things that media -- and most people believe what they hear and what they read.
Like what?
Like they were saying he was molesting young boys and other things that he was doing, that he might have been on painkillers, things like that.
Do you think it is even remotely possibly that he could have done anything inappropriate with a young boy?
No way.
Is that how you felt?
You know, Michael, he was one of my younger children.
Did that scare you, that level of fame?
No, not really.
How often would you talk to him?
I talked to him at least twice a month and sometimes more.
Did you feel you had a very close relationship?
Yes.
Do you feel he confided in you?
Yes, he did.
Did you ever hope that he would find true love?
You know, I always thought about that, but Michael seemed happy.
Did you feel that?
I -- I did.
Would he try stuff out with you?
Yes, he played most of the things he had.
If you said Michael, I don't really like that one, would he drop it?
Yes.
What was your favorite of all his songs?
"Man In The Mirror."
Why?
That's one of my favorites.
Why "Man In The Mirror"?
Well, it was a message of greatness.
Was Michael happy in the end, do you think?
I felt he was happy.
That's good to hear, isn't it?
It's good to hear.
How did that make you feel?
It made me feel good.
One is what are you going to do with this art?
Well, Michael spent a good part of 25 years making this art.
And they're going to want to know if they can get ahold them?
Well, Michael always wanted to exhibit his art.
It's based on the Prince Albert Monument in London?
Michael and I went around that monument.
Is this going to get built?
Yes, because we can sell his art and build his -- even though it's a monument for where people -- he wanted people to get married, it's a monument to his love of life.
Where will it go?
At the time, he was thinking Las Vegas.
Because the question still remains who started the altercation?
Yes.
Isn't that the key question?
It's absolutely the key.
When do we think he treated him?
It was -- this record is from the next morning.
Is that likely, do we think?
We do think that's likely.
Is it likely they're going to chuck a hail Mary pass?
There's no way.
Gloria, if you are prosecuting this, given everything you've seen to date, would you be pretty confident of a conviction now?
Well, I would always appear confident whether or not I was confident.
Yes, Dan?
Kind of a no lose situation for the defense to be able to call Cate Edwards.
Because it is a kind of complicated question as to, will they be able to demonstrate what was in Edwards' head when most of the facts are not in dispute?
I mean, Gloria, the stakes are very high here.
This couldn't be a higher stakes for John Edwards, could it?
Couldn't be higher stakes unless of course the death penalty were involved which of course it's not involved in this case.
Dan?
Bottom line, this is a really unusual use of the law.
Because once you start saying that private donations can be considered campaign contributions, even if they didn't go through the John Edwards for President fund, where does the line get drawn?
Yes.
Do they get swayed heavily by a man's demeanor?
I think absolutely.
Can you imagine that?
I don't want to, no.
Ring familiar?
It's my style, yes.
Is that a compliment?
It is a compliment, yes.
What do you think of what's going on with this whole issue right now?
Well, this is the first time I've taken it personally.
Where were you when you knew he'd done it?
I was in the car and Laura, my wife, texted me.
Emotional?
Yes, it was very emotional.
But what do you say to the people who aren't bigots but who have simply been brought up to believe in a religious matter this is fundamentally not what the bible says is right?
Well, I don't -- I personally don't look to the bible as an authority document.
How much of bigotry -- how much of bigotry is basically ignorance, do you think?
YNCH: Well, there's a lot of smart people who are bigoted.
Like you were sick?
Yes, like I was sick.
-- you were in your early 20s?
Thirties.
Your 30s?
I was in my 32 when I sent my parents a letter.
So you've waited a long time?
I waited a long time, yes.
Did they know?
No.
You now have both?
I have both, yes.
Haven't you seen "Man Med"?
No.
So you laugh at the role?
I do.
But it's just a great movie, isn't it?
Yes.
How -- do you think, looking back, how lucky were you that fame came to you quite late?
Late, yes.
Well, what do you think?
If I had gotten famous at 21 or 31, even -- I guess I was starting to get famous at 41 -- I would have been blown by this winds of public opinion.
Do you not read any of that stuff?
Every once in awhile -- every once in a while I'll look at it.
You have been sober how long now?
Twenty years.
Do you ever miss it?
Not at all.
-- partying, drinking?
No.
Is it a constant battle?
No, not at all.
Does all this make up for the loss of anonymity?
You know, I'm still pretty anonymous.
What is your view of the way the battle has been fought so far?
It's just such a shame we have this super PAC thing, I could almost cry.
Does he have to?
Yes.
CNN, prime time talking about your life, given where you've come from?
I think the overwhelming part of it all has kind of lessened, but yes it does just feel like my God, when it is going to ever stop.
Why?
I would like to say I didn't have God in my life.
When did it start going wrong for you?
Well, I had taken on another relationship with someone else.
That created just a sort of -- an unbearable pressure, if you like?
More or less, yeah.
What was the first time for you?
In 1988, as a congratulatory offer, some friends of mine congratulated me for having my first son.
ORGAN: When you look back on that, was that the lowest points, do you think?
It's one of the low points, but I guess the one that sticks out the most was when I was getting ready to feed my kids after three weeks of them not having a balanced home cooked meal.
The people that you met on the streets, did you meet other people with similar stories to you?
Oh yes, sure.
Does it know any class, homelessness?
None whatsoever, none whatsoever.
Many would argue -- you had how many children through this?
Nine, seven girls and two boys.
Would you agree with that?
At times, yes, sir.
Did you have any idea when you did that little video for that guy how your life may possibly change?
None whatsoever.
When did you first realize it was beginning to take off?
Well, actually on January 4th of last year, I got a call.
What are the challenges still for you, do you think?
I'm still -- the obsessions and all -- the obsessions and the desires, they come and go.
To those who haven't had that stroke of luck, what is your message to them?
Keeping the faith that there is still a chance for a second chance, or maintaining hope and a desire to do better at some point.
How are you?
Thank you.
What do you say to that?
I say we have a different political system.
Do you see Iran as being in those categories, that you have to get in now because if you leave it and they can protect themselves from air strikes or whatever, it becomes too late?
No, because I cannot improve your distinction was so close to (INAUDIBLE).
Is that your primary concern?
Our primary concern is that Iran will not be blocked when the time is still there to block them.
How much does that that factor into your military planning on Israel's behalf that the president of the United States has an election coming in November?
ARAK: You know, first of all, we are trying to avoid of letting it slip into anything that carries a certain relationship to internal politics into here or in Israel.
Are you prepared to act completely unilaterally if you have to?
I don't want to respond to this question.
OK, but who would be a higher quality friend come November, President Obama or, potentially, President Mitt Romney, do you think?
I can't say.
You think that whoever -- whoever wins would still be a resolute friend of Israel?
I think it's improper for an Israeli political leader to express a public -- publicly any kind of judgment or even to make remarks.
Shouldn't the international community now be driving as hard against Syria as they did in the Libyan situation?
I think that they have to push harder.
It certainly has, hasn't it?
Yes.
How do you feel about being called the Hillbilly Orson Welles?
Well, I guess it depends on if she means my mind or my body.
Was it really?
Yes.
What do you think of that description?
Well, I mean I was, you know, I'm honored any time anyone talented, you know, says anything nice about me.
Do you like being a character of mystique even to your loved ones?
Well, it's certainly not on purpose.
If you had your way, you'd make them in some underground dungeon inside the house?
Yes, or some place.
By being that guy that used to be married to Angelina, as much as everything else?
Well, no, not so much.
How could you play baseball with yourself?
Not much lately.
How did she get to be number four?
Well, you know, that's -- those numbers are assigned to different people in my life through a process that I can't quite explain, but it has to do with my obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Do you find it odd, the -- the circus that goes with that, the -- the sheer oddity of having somebody so close to you become such a ridiculously famous person?
Well, I mean I'm not -- I don't really follow, you know, the celebrity news much.
Do you care, though?
-- that's an overstatement, I would say, that -- that I don't follow it.
Will you be at their wedding, do you think?
I don't know.
Would you feel uncomfortable?
Oh, gosh, no.
Why?
Well, I told her, I said, look, when you think of it this way, this is my longest relationship and we're not married, you know, so it's not real hard to figure out.
So I just said let's leave well enough alone, you know?
There's some great stuff in the book about -- and you touched on this earlier -- about modern life.
Do you think that enough Americans lead lives of sensible frugality, if you like, who, you know, take personal responsibility?
I think -- I think we, as a country, are very happy as long as we're comfortable in our own house and our own backyard.
And when does it come out?
It'll come out this fall.
How does that make you feel?
I guess that would make me feel pretty good.
How do you feel about that and how you trying to change the image, if you are, of hedge funds and hedge fund managers?
ASRY: Look, I think in what we do, or at least what I try to do, really what we're trying to do is generate a return for our investors.
What do you think of what happened to JP Morgan?
Look, I don't know all the details.
And when you're not, everybody looking at that and says, well, how did you not know that?
Let's turn to Facebook, a happier story, in many ways, an amazing success story for American capitalism.
Is it worth 100 billion?
That I don't know.
Is there any way of valuing Facebook really, in any sensible way?
That I honestly don't know.
How big of a slice of the Facebook pie are you hoping to carve out for yourself?
Zero.
Nothing?
Nothing.
ORGAN: Why not?
I think what we do is we try to invest in companies that are in trouble.
Are you -- are you prepared to be Buffetted, to be taxed at a much higher level?
I personally don't have an issue in paying higher taxes.
Do you think Obama is going to win easily or does he have a hell of a fight on his hands?
I think it is going to be a difficult election.
For everyone in America struggling a bit, but they have a little bit of money to invest, what is the kind of thing you would urge them to consider as a relatively safe bet right now?
I think the safe bets are investing in the U.S. Treasuries.
Is it relevant?
There's no significance that there was trace amounts of marijuana in Trayvon Martin's system.
So should we be taking this at literally face value?
Well, again, you have to put it in context, Piers.
And on behalf of the family, are you basically accepting now from everything you've seen and from the stuff that's come out today, there clearly was a physical fight between them?
Well, Piers, the family has always said that if there was an altercation that it was started by George Zimmerman.
How significant is that in relation to any defense that George Zimmerman might have on the stand your ground?
The crux of the matter, Piers, is if George Zimmerman stays in that car, if he does what every neighborhood watchman tells and instructs and teaches him to do, none of this happens.
I know you can't talk for legal reasons about any of the specifics of the new evidence, but on a general level, what is your reaction to all this coming out now?
Well, we knew it was coming.
Do you accept as one unequivocal, undeniable fact that if George Zimmerman had stayed in his car then none of this would have happened?
Yes, as simply as if Trayvon Martin hadn't been in the complex, none of this could have happened.
Is that really where we are with this case?
I think that a lot of people believe that.
Am I right in thinking there are still a chance, perhaps even quite a good chance, that this may never come to a full trial?
Well, the only way that would happen of course is if some resolution beforehand, and that could include any type of pretrial motions that might end in the dismissal of the charges.
What is your overview of its significance?
Well, there's a lot to digest in a very short period of time.
Was it a shock to you?
No, they never did and I never heard that in all of this time.
What was she like, Donna Summer, from your experience?
I thought she was a very gracious and a very nice person.
I mean how does she rank do you think as a singer?
A very good singer.
Did you have a favorite song by Donna?
RANKLIN: I liked a lot of them.
What do you think from a singing point of view she would have liked her legacy to be?
I think probably just exactly what it was, she was a reigning queen of disco.
It's a sad day, isn't it, Aretha?
It is really a sad day.
So how long would the risk of exposure exist to somebody from this kind of inhalation?
Yes, it's a really good question, Piers, and there's sort of a couple of things at play here.
I guess, Sanjay, we'll never really know, will we?
I think we're unlikely to know certainly in her case.
That is really offensive, isn't it?
It's more than offensive.
Are you as disgusted by this as Mitt Romney seems to be?
I haven't seen a particular ad, but some of the things that you're talking about in the document, and I read the "New York Times" piece as well --
Do you think, as a Republican, it is fair game maybe not to do it in this way, which is pretty poisonous, frankly, but is there a legitimate way of using Jeremiah Wright's words, his comments, his outrageous still against Barack Obama, despite the fact he's already denounced him?
It's actually unnecessary and we know why.
But that's not what we have seen so far, have we?
It's never like that.
So what are you so incensed about?
I was laughing because Kellyanne started trickling out the -- you know, the Jeremiah Wright talking points, but then she smartly shifted to the economy.
Didn't you?
I feel relieved.
Hilary, you want to jump in there?
I think that that -- you know, this is not the president's choice.
Can we agree?
I think we're going to be certain that by the end of this election season, super PACs have done nothing but bring the tenor and the emotion and the inspiration of this campaign down into the basement.
Kelly, do you agree?
The Supreme Court held 36 years ago that political speech -- political money is speech.
Is it possible to have a great America when you have this kind of vile politicking going on?
It's tough.
Anything about the behavioral patterns of these politicians in Washington the last year made you feel less than cynical?
I feel entirely cynical.
Is it unacceptable completely for a Republican like Mitt Romney or his campaign to actually use anything that Jeremiah Wright stood for against the president?
Nothing is unacceptable.
Has it not always been like this?
I don't think it has been as much like this.
How damaging is the fact that Barack Obama is now going to do this, deploy super PACs, albeit as scrumptiously as Romney, when he said he wasn't going to?
It is one more thing that gives those people who are inclined to withdraw and be cynical and disgusted more reason to do that.
What's the motivation for you when you have those kind of open, free clinics?
Piers, I get letters in the mail daily from folks who say you are my doctor.
How does America look after its most needy people with a system that often doesn't allow them to have anything?
Everyone has to be in the system.
Eighty million people?
Eighty million people.
What's the simple answer?
The simple answer is the most expensive thing we do in medicine is provide bad care.
How restrictive is that to you as a practitioner?
It's usually restrictive.
Comparative to, say, other main countries, major countries in the world?
You know, again, using your scaling system, I would probably give us an 80.
Let me ask you a question -- well, you didn't grow up in this country, but I think our viewers might resonate to this, and so I ask this to you directly -- did you walk to school when you were a kid?
Yes.
Dr. Oz?
Or pre-op.
So, how good is that?
One-thirty-four/eighty-two is average for America.
What should I be looking for?
One-fifteen over 75 is the optimal number.
What the hell are you talking about, Dr. Oz?
What an error.
One example, skim milk, good for you or bad for you if you're going to lose weight?
I'm sure you're about to tell you it's not good for you.
What is the best milk to drink?
Drink regular milk, just drink less of it, because it's real food.
How many preservatives are in this food?
Many of the preservatives good for shelf life but they're bad for human life.
What are the biggest problems Americans facing with health they could easily fix, what are the most common mistakes people make with their health?
Five major themes that drive 70 percent of how long and how well we age.
What is the best way to lose weight without having to just eat carrots?
Well, first off, carbohydrates, I do think we have a problem with simple carbohydrates, the simple sugars, the white foods, white rice, white pasta, the whites that we bake with, these are all problems for us.
Because it's too dramatic, isn't it?
Your body is geared -- listen, there a dozen systems to keep you eating.
Focus primarily on losing 100 calories a day from the way would you normally lead your life, what kind of results would you see and what kind of time span?
Just give you an idea of 100 calories, half a doughnut, half a soft drink, a small little nudgy move like that will take off about 12 or 13 pounds a year.
How old are you, if you don't mine me asking?
Fifty-one.
Which is?
Which is around 6:00, about 5:00 or 6:00 for reason I come to in a second.
Seven?
Seven.
Seven minutes is enough?
Seven minutes is enough to get you going in the morning, to get your metabolism up, to get my pushups and sit-up with us my stretching exercises, I feel like I control what I'm doing the rest of the day.
So, do you go to the gym at all?
No.
Do you run?
I do.
How are you going to deal with my cravings?
Well, first, alcohol has a longevity benefit, without question.
Is it true that red wine is better for you than white wine?
It's absolutely true.
What are the good things?
I always have nuts in my pocket.
Any nut good?
I like Walnuts, but I like the taste.
Is it?
There's no way you can block that off.
What if you absolutely love bread?
Well, most people will have a problem with too much bread.
How are you?
I'm good.
How much of it, if you are honest, was shock marketing?
Uh, almost all of it.
When it goes that big and you've had a bit of fun with the title and it's obviously deliberately shocking, does any part of you slightly feel, well, maybe we should have been a bit more careful here?
Well, I guess the -- the consideration we took was to -- to prerecord the alternative versions for radio and elsewhere, just in the event that the song, you know, did connect in some way.
That is with people, you know what I'm saying?
It certainly did that.
When you're 18 years old and you effectively -- you have now been orphaned, what does that do to a young man?
It's definitely a rude -- a very rude awakening.
What do you think she would have made of your extraordinary success?
I think she would have been the best manager ever.
She would be pretty proud of you, wouldn't she?
I think she still is.
Do you feel that she is a constant presence?
Yes, I think she is definitely alive in all of this positive energy surrounding what's become of me.
What was going on in this mad world that you were then occupying?
Well, I will correct one of those statements.
-- sort of slightly out of control?
Yeah.
Is that overstating it?
No, no, no.
How did you transform into this Cee Lo?
Well, I definitely -- again, my mother's passing, you know, had a lot to do with me committing myself.
Would you stop being modest, please?
That's it.
You have got two diamonds, right?
Yes.
Dare I ask how much they are worth?
It's about -- a gentleman never tells, but we are friends and we are not -- people talking, right.
Can you trust women?
If you -- if you are honest with yourself, it is very hard for people to lie to you.
What are values that make a good America?
I guess, you know, it would be, you know, a matter of just share and share alike and earning your keep and all of those good old-fashioned quotables that you could apply to the conversation of just, you know, what's fair is fair and blah, blah, blah.
Are you a big Tweeter?
I'm not a big Tweeter.
How many followers have you got?
I have about a million followers.
How do you feel about that?
It makes sense.
Can you promise that I get an invite if you're going to have the mother of all parties?
Most certainly, most certainly.
What do you think of what Cory Booker said?
Well, I think Booker is telling the truth about how the American people feel.
I could have been listening to President Obama there, couldn't I?
Right.
Do you actually believe what you said in those attack ads or do you believe what you're now saying to please Mitt Romney?
No.
But private equity per se, do you think it's a force for good or a force for bad for the future -- the immediate future of the American economy?
I think private equity on balance creates far more job than it kills.
How does it work?
Well, you go around and ask a lot of people for help and over time you pay it off.
Are you hopeful that given your stoic defense of Bain Capital, Mitt Romney might, you know, step in, wave the debt, as a little token of gratitude?
Look, I would not object to anybody who wants to -- who believes in free enterprise donating to help us pay it off.
Is this the Obama strategy, you think?
Well, it's certainly one of them.
What did you make of that?
Well, it was although, you know, I have some empathy for Cory Booker and misspeaking the first time he talked about it.
He didn't misspeak, did he?
Well, he explained further in his video what he meant.
The problem for the Republicans is that while it's great that Cory Booker did what he did, when you see me interview Newt Gingrich you can see there's a certain local issue, isn't there, which is that Newt hammered Mitt Romney exactly on this point week in and week out often on this show, and now has to sit there with a straight face trying not to laugh saying actually, it's all great, I got it completely wrong?
Well, but -- and the truth is, the numbers wore out, Piers.
Mitt Romney had more cash to spend, didn't he, than Newt Gingrich?
It did, but there's -- if you go back --
And the gap between those two positions in the public estimation, I guess in your own estimation is just so massive, isn't it?
I think people don't really -- it's hard for people to grasp the -- everything that happened.
So -- I mean even now are they aware of what happened to you?
No, they're not aware.
How intoxicating is that?
Incredibly.
Because you didn't want to hear it?
Right.
Twenty-three?
Yes, I mean, but even -- even before then, at the age of 15, I made my first Olympic team, you know.
You know?
-- it's -- it's the reality check --
What did you learn about yourself?
Well, I -- I -- I realized that -- that my priorities were totally out of whack and that -- that I had to figure out who I was, not Marion Jones, the superstar athlete, the pretty smile, the charm and all that.
Appalling painful though it is, that's the beginning of the moving on process, isn't it?
It was.
-- and look her in the eye and say, it's true?
Oh, extremely painful, because, you know, she was and still is my biggest support.
Did you turn to her, having rejected her in the way that you said you did -- what was the moment you turned back to her?
Not too long after I -- after I pled guilty.
Because your mother, I guess, had lived the great highs?
Yes.
Was she angry with you?
No.
What was the poorest choice your mother thinks you ever made?
Well, certainly my decision in men.
Why were you attracted to the bad guys?
I don't know, I think I saw -- I saw something in them that perhaps I was lacking in my childhood.
Do you have any relationship with him at all?
No.
So you -- you were craving a kind of father substitute, possibly?
Possibly.
Is he still alive, your biological father?
No, he's passed.
Did you have any feelings about that when you heard?
I did.
Not -- but not having a strong male presence in your life and all the pressure on your mom to bring you up and everything, it can't help, can it?
No.
I mean it's like a shark pool, isn't it?
Yes.
But by the time the child is old enough and go off to college, how much protecting can you do?
Let's take another break.
Can we get there quick, please?
We can get there reasonably quick.
And you'd gone from 80,000 dollars a race?
Yes.
Your kids went to stay with your family in Barbados, right?
Correct.
Would you have still won the gold?
Yes.
Can I play Devil's Advocate with you?
Sure.
Is that the honest truth?
No.
That moment, when you hand back the medals and you hear this guy say that about you and that is how you're being branded to America, how did that make you feel?
Well, I didn't -- it -- it was tough to hand back the medals, certainly.
-- what might have been?
No, not at all.
Or is tempted?
-- keeping it secret or is tempted to or believes it's the only way they can win a gold medal --
-- there's nobody better to ask, what -- what advice would you give them?
First of all, think about the consequences of your choices.
Donald, how are you?
Hello, Piers.
What do you make of the basic substance of this debate, which is whether Mitt Romney's record at Bain Capital was predominantly a good one or a bad one?
Well, it wasn't a good one.
But isn't one of the problems here, Donald, that people like you and Newt Gingrich who are now racing to support Mitt Romney over this battle have in the past attacked him for his record at Bain?
Well, I've been supporting him for a long time.
But is it the right battle ground for Mitt Romney, do you think?
Well, first of all, we're not $13 or $14 trillion in debt, we're $16 trillion in debt and going up rapidly.
Do you think it's too vicious or do you think this is part and parcel of American political life?
Well, first of all, I know Cory Booker.
Now, are you saying that it would be fair game to go after President Obama based on his association with that man?
Well, a book was just written by a great writer named Ed Kline.
But clearly if Reverend Wright comes into play and is deemed to be fair game, then wouldn't it be also fair game to go after Mitt Romney for his religion?
I think the Democrats will use whatever they can use regardless of whether or not Reverend Wright is brought up.
Do you think it's a fairly silly way of attacking him?
No, I think it's very cute, it's fun.
What do you think of that argument?
Well, look.
If Mitt Romney asked you what would you say?
So many people have asked me that question lately.
Including saying yes to VP if he asked you?
Well, I don't think he's going to ask me, but certainly I have a very strong base of people that do like what I say.
Have you been asked to speak at the Republican convention this summer and if so will you say yes if you are?
Well, a lot of people have been asking me whether or not I'd be interested in doing it.
What have you got against Sacha Baron Cohen?
Well, I don't like, frankly, what he did to Ryan Seacrest.
?
Yes.
Gregg, how are you?
I'm doing just fine.
Does it feel good to be alive?
Just great.
Is that how you feel?
That's the way I feel.
Or was it just to have fun making music?
Just to have fun making music.
Everything just came as a kind of accidental side effect of that love for music?
Yes.
When you finished the book did you sit back and go, I wish I hadn't done that?
Drugs.
You wish you never got involved with drugs?
Drugs and alcohol.
What did they do to you, do you think?
They make you crazy.
Do you still get as much fun from playing music as you always did?
Absolutely.
Is it the one constant in your life?
Yes, sir.
What does it do for you when it's just you and the music?
Well, I've gone on stage before three times with an abscessed tooth, and I got there and set down behind my ax and started playing.
Don't even feel the pain of an abscessed tooth?
No.
Really?
No.
Where does it say that?
In your book.
Does it?
Yes.
A scoop on your hands?
Yes.
Does anybody else know this?
Two, three people.
How old is your fiance?
She is 24.
And how does she feel about becoming wife number seven?
That's not what she's becoming.
Really?
Yes.
What made you take the plunge again?
Well, because this time I am really in love.
Like you've never been before?
Yes.
How many times do you think you've been properly in love?
Those one sided, I think twice.
You were only in love with two of your six wives?
Yes.
I'm assuming that was a compliment, right?
That would be a scoop.
You were in love with Cher, weren't you?
Yes.
Have you said in touch with her?
From time to time, yes.
Are you a good friend?
Yes.
Was that a hideous experience?
It was a hideous experience.
Because the whole world wants a piece of you, right?
Oh, man.
And how much of it was your fault that you kept having broken marriages, do you think?
I don't know.
You got down on bended knee?
I did.
Do you remember your exact words?
Yes.
What is her name?
Shannon.
When are you getting married?
I don't know.
Do you think Shannon knows the real dude?
Absolutely.
Is that -- do you think that is a good thing?
I think it's totally irrelevant.
You sing to her?
Yes.
How would you like to be remembered?
I would like to be remembered as a -- somebody who could rock your soul or make your cry with a song.
It just kept coming, didn't it?
Yes, including on this side of the Atlantic impeaching a president.
Or do you think the networks can still stay strong down the middle?
Well, I don't think it inevitably has to go into more partisanship.
Is it -- is it extensively unhealthy to have partisan cable networks?
ESTIN: I think there's nothing wrong with opinion journalism.
You mean where news is presented in the opinionated manner?
Exactly right.
Did it become more fractious?
Well, it changed fundamentally.
you basically had it for the short term, doesn't he?
Yes, although my -- this is my personal opinion now, and I'm not responsible for covering these things, my reaction to the Cory Booker issue was he can support President Obama and not agree with him on every single thing.
And what was the lowest moment?
Well, I mean, on a personal note, I mean, the death of Peter Jennings was a terrible moment and then the wounding of Bob Woodruff and his cameramen, Dough Vogt, in Iraq were awful.
Who's got the real answer to fixing the economy?
President Obama has decided to attack success.
How are you?
Great, it's great to be here.
Has he always done the right thing for those companies?
Maybe not, maybe 20 percent that they say haven't worked out.
When am I not honest?
I'm disputing for a moment your integrity.
-- it was about job creation?
I think making the job creation argument was not the smartest case to make.
Do you think this will be the key battleground, the ideological dispute we're now seeing over this?
If it is, Romney ought to wipe it out.
No, but does it keep jobs, Piers, yes?
This -- plays something from an interview I did with Howard Schultz from Starbucks on this show.
What is your opinion of the whole IPO launch of Facebook this week?
Ugly.
How after everything that we've been through in the last few years, could a company make that kind of loss without apparently some of the top people having any idea?
Some people made a mistake.
How Jamie Dimon dealt with this properly?
Right up to now, absolutely right.
So if you're -- if you're an average American watching this and they're saying, how can a company lose over $2 billion, maybe $3 billion?
Of its own money.
Do you suspect that?
No, we don't suspect that.
What do you suspect was going on?
They were trying to hedge the (INAUDIBLE) slid into something else.
Is he right to do that?
Absolutely.
Should people be feeling generally more confident?
Pretty good, it's not great, it's nowhere near what we need and we're going to grow in the 2 to 2.5 percent range over the next couple of quarters.
But a lot better than it was, say, three years ago?
A lot better than it was three years ago.
So Obama has done a pretty good job then?
Well, he's done a job of bringing it back in the cycle.
Do you give him due credit for that?
No, I don't like what he's done.
What do you give him credit for in terms of the economy?
That's a tough one for me.
Do you feel lucky?
I was very fortunate.
Do you?
No.
When was the last time you actually spoke, you two?
That was 1996.
Can you repeat them?
No, no, it wasn't like that.
Who said that, "I'm done"?
Yes.
What is the single biggest offer you have had to put it all behind you and get back on a stage together?
Well, I've heard a lot of numbers --
Seven figures, eight figures?
I'd say, I'd say it starts off with seven figures, yes.
Is there any check that would tempt you?
I don't think it's a matter of that, it really isn't.
And so I don't think there's a price tag that anybody's going to put in front of us that's going to make that work, you know?
Let's take a short break.
What was the moment for you?
Well, you're talking about a concert that was in -- I think it was in Argentina, back in the '90s, I mentioned in the interview we did before, which was when it was pouring really thick rain and there was steam coming off the audience and we were playing "November Rain" and the timing was such that as soon as we went into the cords of "November Rain" this rainstorm started and just seeing this crowd sort of bouncing in the rhythm of the song and the --
And for someone like me who's never going to come close to that, what is the -- what is the physical experience?
The physical experience is there's the energy of the band playing a very heartfelt song, you know, and then you have that interaction with an audience that's reacting to that and it's a huge amount of energy.
Do you feel remotely English?
Yes, I feel very connected to my British roots.
If you were creating a super group, all the talent that you have ever seen, played with, whatever, who would it be?
Well, I mean, some of those people -- well, OK, if you're about people that are living that I've actually played with before, Iggy Pop is great.
Who would be your drummer?
That's what I'm trying to figure out.
No one wants to do this, but who would play the other guitarist to you?
It would be cool to jam with Jack White.
What did you think of what he said?
Well, I mean, that was really sweet, but he's a really great guy.
Slash, you, basically, you're a rock star and I have discussed it with you before, but for the benefit of this interview, I just want to -- you've been clean, what, six years now?
Almost seven.
What was the thing that got you out of it, personally?
Being able to look at it from both sides, not being so out of it that I couldn't get some sort of a perspective on it.
You chose to end up hiring a number of hotel rooms in the same hotel, for various women, none of who knew about each other?
Right.
Expensive, wasn't it?
It was a little bit expensive.
Do you feel like you have met your match with her?
Yeah, definitely.
Is that what you needed to do?
When she and I first met, I knew that I was hooked when we first met and I tried to keep my distance from her for a long time because I knew once that relationship was seriously established, things were going to change.
How many timings would you say in your life you have been properly in love?
I would say properly, that was the first time.
ORGAN: Are you good dad?
I really try.
Do you have one?
I don't have like an unachieved dream.
Was it for you a great honor to be inducted into the hall of fame?
Yes, of course, it was a great honor.
Did you understand where Axl was coming from with his protests about it all?
I didn't even really read it.
You think?
A template for your life.
Oh, Muslim?
Muslim.
You've written 77 books?
Well, I and some of my editors have worked on a lot of these books, too, but they're very, very good books.
Are you related to him?
Well, who knows.
Isn't that the point of America, that none of you are?
We are all American.
What's the last thing you would want to eat?
If I were thinking about food at that point ...
If I was very hungry and I was told that I only had an hour?
Yes.
What would you start with?
Probably good, fresh eggs.
And the main course, what would you have?
That's my main course.
Well, again, where do you think that came from, fish and chips?
Britain.
Where are the mushy peas?
Well, they're somewhere in the book.
Do you like mushy peas?
Yes, they're okay.
Right out of the can, right?
No, no, no, no.
But you would seriously just have eggs as your last meal?
Sure.
American or French?
Or maybe a couple of bottles, if I knew I was going ...
You wouldn't have American wine, would you?
It depends.
ORGAN: Wouldn't you go for a nice burgundy?
I love white burgundy.
Of all these dishes in here, which are the ones that you were most excited, would you say?
The pies.
Why pies?
I think pies are so typically American.
Pardon?
Cobblers.
Cobblers are for shoes?
It can be or they can be a derogatory term.
Really?
Yes, I will.
Apple, cherry, plum, what do you like?
I love lemon meringue.
You still enjoy cooking?
Oh, yes.
What's the Martha Wrap?
Something I sort of created.
Can I plug it?
Tell me what it is.
Are you a big griller?
I'm a careful griller.
What's the secret to a good barbecue?
Well, there's a lot of secrets.
What bit of advice would you give me?
OK, a hot, hot fire.
Burned?
Not like completely black coated, but a little dash of black.
Do you press your hamburgers on the grill?
Yes.
You compact them?
Yes, I like them all sort of compacted and blackened.
But how many of these will he actually do?
Well, we really think that he can do a lot of them.
I mean what -- it's all very well to say that, but what would President Romney, day one, actually do or say to China to carry through that pledge?
The pledge, or the proposal, is to have China listed as a currency manipulator because they're not allowing their currency to float.
What is your reaction to that?
Well, Governor Romney has always said, you know, the point of going into business is to make the business successful which is defined at least, in part, by the business being able to make a profit.
The actual list of things which are to his credit, which Republicans never give him any credit for, is actually quite impressive if you highlight those pluses, isn't it?
Well, he's been saying those things already.
How would he get something out for this election and makes a series of further promises about what he will do in a second term, why should we believe him?
Well, we should believe him because of the things that he's done in the first term.
But what about the things that he promised to do that he then didn't do?
Well, Piers, that's why we have elections and often you get a second term.
Which one do you prefer?
Lingerie model.
Why are you laughing?
I'm not.
What do you think of the battle that we're now about to face?
It's much closer than I expected it to be.
Why is it -- why is it closer, do you think, than people expected?
I love that I'm the authority of this because --
Why shouldn't you be?
Well, no, no, people come to me for their political insights.
I think the Republican race was just beyond comedic joy from start to finish, isn't it?
I remember tweeting during one of the debates.
It was, isn't it?
It was very great.
Would you see that as a huge lottery to win?
I -- Piers, I have spent over $10,000 on tickets so far.
Do you buy into Mitt Romney's argument that he is a proven track record businessman and therefore he can run America like a successful company?
I mean I think -- I think he is a businessman.
What do you, as a smart woman in America, what do you want?
Well, first of all, I would like my vagina to be taken off the table in the politics.
Is it on the table?
Well, it's been on the table.
It could play both ways, right?
It could play both ways.
The statement to George, to the nation, what were you doing in those pictures?
It's so adorable you think I was making a statement.
Do you wake up in the morning and the first thing you do is head for BlackBerries, get the political news, start going at it?
Yes, that's what we do.
Really?
Yes.
Never?
He's been talking about it all day.
In bed?
Well, we're both reading.
What do you read?
Well, I'm reading the history of Islam and he's reading "In Style" magazine.
You talk about attachment parenting?
I'm fascinated by attachment parenting.
What did you make of that cover, that extraordinary cover?
First of all, it was an extraordinary cover because the boy was, if I'm not mistaken, in camouflage pants.
Isn't it?
Yes.
Is the glory coming your way in any way?
No.
Yes, anything in it for you?
ENTWORTH: No.
He doesn't wake up, get the reigns (ph) and start beating his chest?
No, he doesn't.
Doing his Tarzan impression?
I beat my chest for him.
But what do you think?
Well, I mean --
What do you want for your kids?
Well, I'm going to home-school them now after this.
How excited are you about London?
You know, I'm very excited.
Why not?
No.
-- hundredth of a second, you just give up?
No, I never give up.
Seriously?
Yes.
You really broke your thumb hitting a wall?
I broke my thumb in the next race, yes.
Because you were so full of rage?
I was just -- I can't -- I couldn't believe that I lost by a touch.
How hard are you hitting that wall to break your thumb?
I didn't know I did it.
Is there any experience in the world better than winning a gold medal at the Olympics, that you've enjoyed yourself?
Having my daughter.
Which one are you going to take?
Oh, my gosh.
I've got your mind racing back to some -- I don't know, where are we going, a beach?
Yes, something like that.
Is that true?
I'm going to have to shut my mouth more.
You know?
See, I always quaintly assumed that when you get to that stage of the preparation, it's like boxers.
Anyone on the American Olympic squad that you think?
There are like --
You might be the lucky recipient of my joy?
I'm as old as their mothers.
Are we going to stand side by side and do it together?
No, we're not.
How do you keep that six-pack looking like that?
Well, people have to remember I do this for a living.
For how long?
Probably between four and six hours.
Where do you get your information from?
I've just done a very thorough research job on you.
So did you fire him?
No, I -- he's great.
What has he said about London?
I don't like to share because I don't want to jinx anything.
It'll stay between us?
And hundreds of millions of people around the world.
What has he got right?
He's gotten a lot right about my personal life.
Like what?
Well, I -- well, OK.
Really?
Yes, yes.
He predicted you would have a daughter?
Yes.
Who do you talk to?
Well, what you do is you go in there and he leaves the room, and you take a card, and you write down three questions that you want answered, and you write down three people that have passed away, and you sign and print your name.
Which relatives, if you don't mind me asking?
My dad.
Who've passed away?
Yes, my dad, who passed away.
And you have, what, a conversation through this -- ?
I don't have a conversation.
Or is the first love really in that water, winning, until that's done in your life, do you think you've got a chance of -- ?
Well, I guess I'll find out in a few months.
I mean, do you feel that you're -- ?
I feel like when I'm ready to move on, like my dad said, is be more family oriented and settle down.
The one last gold in London?
I actually would just like to make the Olympic team.
You will, won't you?
I hope so.
Susan?
Thanks, Piers.
What do you think they'll be feeling tonight?
Well, I've said over and over again that over 30 years, 33 years, they've just gone from one breaking case event to another breaking case event to another.
Do you think that?
I think that they have certainly gone very far down a road of being able to know how to track children.
Have you had a favorite guest over the years besides me?
No, no.
You don't think he's going to do the news for the rest of his life, do you?
No, but -- and he can have my job.
Do you think the world is a more peaceful place now than it was when you first became Dalai Lama?
Oh, yes.
Which one?
The younger one.
Really?
Really.
Do you ever feel temptation when you see a woman?
Oh, yes, sometimes.
Your Holiness, how are you?
Fine.
Everything good?
Everything good.
Everything healthy?
Last now, almost seven years annually.
Yes?
I got checked, yes.
Do you like being that famous?
No, no, no.
Celebrity?
I think it depends on one's own sort of matters of attitude towards this sort of -- some sort of popularity or some sort of good name.
So you like famous people who are famous because they have done something serious, scientific?
Yes.
Do you feel the world is a more peaceful place now than it was when you first became Dalai Lama?
Oh, yes.
Do you think that is good for the world that they do this?
Yes, in principle, I support, of course.
Do you think sometimes the politicians forget that?
I don't think generally politicians come from democratic country.
What do you think of modern China and how it's changed in the time that you've been Dalai Lama?
Big change.
Are you pleased when you hear that?
Oh, yes.
Did that offend you?
No.
Did you understand why he did that?
Actually, he sent once sort of representing, something -- envoy or something, sent to me, explained the reason.
You understood that?
Yes.
Did he give you assurances that he is going to help you?
He inquired about Tibet.
Does he share that vision?
Yes, sure.
What do you say to people who are thinking of doing the same thing and why are more people doing this now?
It seems - of course, it's extremely sad, very sad.
And what do you think it is?
That's obvious.
But that is a big problem, isn't it?
I don't think, no, no.
Do you believe that they are thinking the right way?
Now, firstly, you see, they are -- they are sort of policies regarding their own people, now things, you see, there are indications, the seriousness -- see, these are indications they more moderate, more realistic thinking.
If the censorship -- if the censorship goes and the reality comes out, there is more chance of a deal?
Certainly, 100 percent.
America?
After this break.
What does America mean to you?
Of course, the greatest modern country and I think a country, because of its democracy, the freedom, freedom of thought, freedom of speech, I think a lot of innovation, you see develop in this country.
What do you think of what has happened to America and how can it get itself back on track again?
Yes.
Is it a false dream, having a lot of money?
There is that, not only America, but also in Europe.
Who are the most impressive world leaders you've ever met in your life who have that heart element in them, who understand it?
I think leaders have to act according to border sort of --
I mean, which people that you've ever met have really impressed you?
I think Nelson Mandela, I think what -- are one of the sort of quite impressive.
Which one?
The younger one.
Really?
Yes.
Why?
As a human being.
Really?
Not as president of America.
What did he say?
He couldn't --
Is that right?
Yes, right.
Is that hard?
No.
Do you ever feel temptation when you see a woman?
Oh, yes, sometimes see people.
Really?
Really.
ORGAN: Do you ever drink alcohol?
Never.
Have you ever smoked a cigarette?
No.
Ever taken a drug?
No.
Why?
I don't know, I'm just asking.
Have you always been peaceful?
Then, then -- wait, wait, wait.
Did you drink it?
Then -- after my play, I return to my room, and there is the bottle.
Do you watch television?
Yes.
What programs would you watch?
Usually, like Discovery, and some sort of documentary film.
Did you ever watch entertainment programs?
No.
You never watched "American Idol"?
(Speaking in foreign language)
Do you know who Simon Cowell is?
I don't know.
Do you listen to music?
No.
Really?
Really.
No music at all?
I have no interest.
Really?
Yes.
Do you ever watch movies?
No.
You've never seen a movie?
I saw movie, also the peace and war.
War and Peace?
War and Peace.
And you've never seen one of his movies?
No.
Is he irritated that you've never seen one of his movies?
I don't know.
Do you?
No, no, no.
Do you ever use a computer?
No.
Do you ever send an e-mail?
No.
Have you ever used a cell phone?
No.
If I could replay one moment for you, what would it be?
I can literally, immediately after my final examination, that was 1959.
And the gap between those two positions in the public estimation, I guess in your own estimation is just so massive, isn't it?
I think people don't really -- it's hard for people to grasp the -- everything that happened.
So -- I mean even now are they aware of what happened to you?
No, they're not aware.
How intoxicating is that?
ONES: Incredibly.
Because you didn't want to hear it?
Right.
Twenty-three?
Yes, I mean, but even -- even before then, at the age of 15, I made my first Olympic team, you know.
You know?
-- it's -- it's the reality check --
What did you learn about yourself?
Well, I -- I -- I realized that -- that my priorities were totally out of whack and that -- that I had to figure out who I was, not Marion Jones, the superstar athlete, the pretty smile, the charm and all that.
Appalling painful though it is, that's the beginning of the moving on process, isn't it?
It was.
-- and look her in the eye and say, it's true?
Oh, extremely painful, because, you know, she was and still is my biggest support.
Did you turn to her, having rejected her in the way that you said you did -- what was the moment you turned back to her?
Not too long after I -- after I pled guilty.
Because your mother, I guess, had lived the great highs?
Yes.
Was she angry with you?
No.
What was the poorest choice your mother thinks you ever made?
Well, certainly my decision in men.
Why were you attracted to the bad guys?
I don't know, I think I saw -- I saw something in them that perhaps I was lacking in my childhood.
Do you have any relationship with him at all?
No.
So you -- you were craving a kind of father substitute, possibly?
Possibly.
Is he still alive, your biological father?
No, he's passed.
Did you have any feelings about that when you heard?
I did.
Not -- but not having a strong male presence in your life and all the pressure on your mom to bring you up and everything, it can't help, can it?
ONES: No.
I mean it's like a shark pool, isn't it?
Yes.
But by the time the child is old enough and go off to college, how much protecting can you do?
Let's take another break.
Can we get there quick, please?
We can get there reasonably quick.
And you'd gone from 80,000 dollars a race?
Yes.
Your kids went to stay with your family in Barbados, right?
Correct.
Would you have still won the gold?
Yes.
Can I play Devil's Advocate with you?
Sure.
Is that the honest truth?
No.
That moment, when you hand back the medals and you hear this guy say that about you and that is how you're being branded to America, how did that make you feel?
Well, I didn't -- it -- it was tough to hand back the medals, certainly.
-- what might have been?
No, not at all.
Or is tempted?
-- keeping it secret or is tempted to or believes it's the only way they can win a gold medal --
-- there's nobody better to ask, what -- what advice would you give them?
First of all, think about the consequences of your choices.
How does it feel for you going back on tour, on the road and Michael's no longer here?
Well, we miss him.
And Tito, how do you feel?
Well, I agree with Marlon with what he was saying.
Six shows a day?
Six shows a day.
Is that right?
Yes.
See what is abnormal?
Well, that's a very good point.
Or do you now -- now that you are older and you have had kids, some of you yourselves, do you get it?
I get it totally.
When you say that -- as you sit here now, you're all in your late 50s, 60 in one -- you are the oldest right?
I'm the oldest.
How old are you, 60, 61?
Sixty one.
How do you get along with him now?
Very well.
Did you worry that it was too much for one person to take?
We had worries about just -- later during the circle of people, but not so much of what he was achieving.
I mean, how did you feel as brothers?
Well, I was wondering how he was going to do 50 dates, first of all.
Did you feel he was OK and himself?
I thought he was fine, yeah.
What do you feel, Tito, about Conrad Murray?
Well, I feel that -- like we're supposed to have forgiving hearts.
Do you forgive him?
Sure, I forgive him.
Do you all feel that way?
No.
You don't, Jermaine?
No, I don't feel that way at all.
What do you feel?
I feel like it's just negligence and not on his -- it's on his part plus others.
The accusations, The molestation charge, all that kind of thing, did it have a very bad impact on him, do you think?
Yes.
"Shake Your Body"?
Yes.
Do you ever have arguments?
Of course.
Who would win if you were to fight?
I would.
Tito?
I like the old stuff, like "I Want You Back" and "ABC," "The Love You Save," the Motown stuff.
Really?
Yes.
All the hits?
Yes.
How are you going to commemorate Michael on tour, in terms of the actual tour, do you think?
I don't think you really can.
The hologram thing is a rumor that's not true?
Here's what happened.
You started all that?
He started all that.
Can we bring you on the stage?
Yes.
How does it feel to be back?
Good.
Does it?
Yes.
Are you still proud of CNN?
Absolutely.
Do you still watch CNN?
I watch it, you bet.
Do you like what you see?
I like most of what I see.
If you had the competition that's around now in cable when you first started, in other words, if there had been a FOX News with right-wing star anchors, MSNBC had Rachel Maddow and the others, would you do anything differently?
I'd have to really give it a lot of thought and a lot of study, which I have not done, because nobody has asked me to do it.
But do you think that CNN should remain the impartial observer of news?
Yes.
What do you think of your country?
I think it's terrible that politics have gotten so money oriented with this Supreme Court ruling that the corporations can give unlimited amounts, that the moneyed interests are taking over the country.
How is he doing?
I like him.
Where do you think he's not been strong enough?
Well, I would have liked to see him be -- his positions are good on the environment, but he put health care ahead of the energy bill.
Is that really what America should have done, rather than going in with men on the ground, big, large phalanxes of troops, actually say we're going to tackle the terrorists through intelligence, through Special Forces and so on?
I think -- I think war should be avoided at all costs.
What would you do about Iran if you were the American president?
Well, first of all, I believe in total nuclear disarmament.
What do you feel, Ted, when you see that like clip again?
I feel good.
What did you really want to achieve with CNN?
I wanted to better inform the world.
Do you feel that you succeeded?
Yes.
How many?
Over 100.
Is that right?
That's right.
Was that the story, the event that made you realize just how big CNN could become?
Yes.
What do you think the difference that decision, that capability made to the way the war was covered?
I -- you know, just all we did was televise what we saw.
But did it bring a greater truth, do you think, to war coverage, the fact that you were there?
I think so.
Your third story that you singled out, 9/11, the CNN coverage of that, what did that do to America, that moment?
Well, it shook us up.
Ted, Jane Fonda, was she the great love of your life?
Probably.
Have you ever quite got over her?
No.
Do you think you ever will?
No.
You want me to rank them?
Yes.
Which upset you the most?
They all broke my heart.
Are you a better man for having experienced loss?
I'm a more experienced man, because those -- you know, the AOL merger and the subsequent -- basically destruction of my wealth, they hurt at the time, but I just toughed it out.
What does that feel like?
It felt -- it felt bad.
How does that feel?
It really hurt, because we were making our budget and I was loyal to the management of the company.
Well, most men watching this will be going, come on, Ted, how did you get away with that?
With great difficulty.
Are they good friends with each other?
URNER: Some of them are.
Did you try and win her back?
A little bit.
How many times have you been properly in love in your life?
Twice.
But there's a difference between being in love and loving?
Sort of.
What should America be doing now to revive itself?
I think what we need is for humanity to be great.
What do you think of the concept of moral capitalism?
I'm working so hard on the environment and nuclear weapons and the survival issues that the financial -- the financial issues and a lot of other areas, you can't be an expert on everything.
But does it help America and its national interests if very successful American companies that create their ideas here, then shift out much of the production jobs to other countries?
Well --
Has money made you happy, happier than you would have been without money?
Having some, you've got to have enough to eat.
So five is the optimum number?
No, I could have had three.
You've given up?
On -- my doctors said I was allergic to potatoes, so I couldn't --
Really?
URNER: Yes.
Any alcohol?
No.
Tobacco?
No.
Hard drugs?
No.
What are you allowed to do?
I can't even drink a Coca-Cola, you know, no soft drinks.
Really?
Yes.
What are you existing on?
I'm -- water.
Who's going to win, do you think?
I don't know.
Are you more Republican or Democrat these days?
I'd like to say that right now, in the last few years, the Democrats have been closer -- have been more pro-environment.
What was your overview of his tenure?
I -- a lot of the things that he did I didn't agree with.
All the things that you've experienced, what's been the greatest moment of your life?
The greatest single thing is to see my children all turn out well, all five of them.
And have they?
URNER: They have.
Is that your proudest achievement?
My proudest personal achievement.
How are you?
Have a seat right here.
Why can't we live like this?
You know, I was -- I had to use the bathroom before I came out here.
When you were a young little guy in -- in Indianapolis, did anybody inspire you?
Well --
Did you have a favorite comedian or a comic or somebody?
I mean it wasn't Bing Crosby.
Really?
And I just thought there's something very cool about this.
This is Merv right there?
This is Merv.
1969?
Yes.
Did you -- did you have an eye for the show business at that point?
Well, it's a silly story, but where better to tell a silly story than here with you.
Really?
But that's -- and I -- I can remember doing so poorly my mom was very upset about it and she said we're going to try to get you into a trade school.
Isn't that nice?
So then I -- then I stopped worrying so much about other things and just knew that all I have to do is find a way that you can get paid for what I thought I can do.
And when did the comedy phase hit you that you wanted to be a comedian, you wanted to get involved in comedy?
Well, as a kid, I think most kids are always funny.
So one night you just packed up and drove to Hollywood?
Well, in a matter of speaking, yes.
Really?
No, I'm coming across the table if you roll another tape.
It really bothers you that much?
I don't want anymore tape.
You think so?
Oh, yes.
How are you?
Fine, thank you.
Miss Letterman, can I ask you a question?
Sure.
Has he ever told you that?
Yes, he talks about it frequently.
Did you have a good relationship with Johnny?
Yes, but he made me very nervous because he was, I think, the biggest star on television.
Jack Paar?
Yes.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
I understand exactly what you're saying.
But did you have a chance to tell him what he meant to you?
All the time.
And how did you feel when I said good-bye, when I moved on?
I was -- I was --
Same feelings?
Honestly, I was puzzled because I thought there's no reason for you to retire.
"Cabin Boy"?
"Cabin Boy", yes.
Would you like to buy a monkey?
Big hit -- that's it.
Not bad, huh?
It was excellent.
Any aspirations to become an actor?
No.
And if you're not going to be really good at it, what's the point of wasting everybody's time?
I did an acting bit in "Hot in Cleveland" recently.
It's just something to do, right?
I played Pierre, a gay hair stylist.
Yes?
George Miller, and when he was a much younger fellow, he had a narrowing -- and he periodically would have to run a hose -- down his esophagus to open it up.
Why are you telling me that?
I'm just saying.
Wasn't he?
Yes.
Now -- but to be more serious about this, you went through a quadruple, wasn't it?
Quadruple bypass surgery, yes.
Is that right?
He -- he and his family were going to Jamaica.
You remember that night?
I remember that night and I remember not wanting to go back, not feeling ready to go back, but knowing we had to go back.
I mean, wasn't he the light that led everybody through it?
No doubt about it.
What do you think?
Well, you have to, because life is no longer solely about you.
But that's the way you feel, isn't it?
Sure.
Does he know what you do for a living?
No.
Does he laugh?
ETTERMAN: Yeah.
Is he a momma's boy or daddy's boy?
Momma's boy for sure.
How have you been able to do that year after year?
Believe me, I'm embarrassed about it as well.
Is it a chore to come up with those?
Not for me.
How Regina?
She's fine.
Have you had a favorite guest over the years besides me?
No.
Remember that night?
No.
What are you doing out there?
Not now, Dave, I'm in the middle of a show.
Isn't that terrible?
No, it was cute.
Is this why you gave me this car when I left?
You know, that was -- these are so much fun, the Vespa Scooters.
You can't ride a bicycle?
It's not the two wheeler.
Is Regis here tonight?
Yes.
You have heard that before, haven't you?
You were nice enough -- You took the Vespa back and you gave me a beautiful watch.
Are you wearing it now?
No, I'm not.
We're not going to sing?
If you want to sing, you sing.
Well, I'm going to ask Mr. Lauer which is more cutthroat, the race for the White House or the morning TV awards?
This show is not where I want it to be right now.
Am I going to get a word in here?
No.
What are you -- what do you think -- I mean, it's like it's -- what are you literally --are you thinking about what I'm going to do with the kids this weekend or are you -- are already fashioned the show in your head?
I'm thinking about what's changed.
You're biting, you want -- so what would break the rules if Matt Lauer engaged?
It doesn't and I do.
Word association?
Word association.
Katie Couric?
Extraordinarily talented.
How about that thug, Al Roker?
AUER: Exactly the same guy off the air as he is on the air.
Too many kids on Ritalin, Matt?
I'm just saying.
But aren't there examples where it works?
Matt.
To come back at 25, how do you view it?
It's crazy.
What's going through your mind at that moment?
Let him keep going.
He's doing this just for the haircut?
Young ingenue.
Can you?
This is "Today" with Katie Couric and Matt Lauer.
If you're going to pick one, the one that you go, you know what, how did I not ask that?
You know, normally it's there.
Does it bother you?
It did in the beginning.
What do you want to do with the show different?
I want to make it better.
How does that change when you come to work in the morning?
Lights a little bit of fire under our butts, there's no question about it.
Do you think both these guys get it?
I don't know.
How are you, doc?
Thank you very much, Donny.
What did we do?
I'll walk you through it, but if I walk you through it, I'm going to extend it to everybody who is watching right now.
Now your height is -- you're about five-ten?
Yes.
Do you know how much the average sexual encounter burns off in calories?
Hundred.
Does -- what does that actually mean to reinvent the sexual relationship?
It involves all that.
What is one thing a guy at home should take away from this?
Most women have the equivalent of a G-spot.
They do?
You have to excite that part of the female anatomy.
Doc, that's a human livers?
All human livers.
This fatty liver -- having trouble with those gloves?
Yeah.
What kind of doctor would you have been?
I want to use one hand.
What does that cause?
Bad liver.
Isn't this stunning?
But when you have a liver that's turned to fat and making bad cholesterol, and that same belly fat is causing high blood pressure and problems with diabetes, you get a heart like this.
Very quickly, if I want to get from that to the better heart, the five simple things to do?
Figure out the blood pressure issue.
Is there another button to push?
I'll give you the big button.
Want the heart?
I'm going to bring that home with me.
Have you ever been in bad shape your whole life?
Yes, I've been in bad shape.
Seth, I've never met you, have I?
No.
And do you understand why people like you and I never win the Emmy?
Yes.
-- an Emmy to an atheist?
I mean, it's -- I don't know if it's that specific, but I think it's -- I think the Emmys do tend to make safe choices.
Do you think the fact that you're politically outspoken plays a role in maybe not winning awards?
It's possible.
And you don't?
I do.
I mean, this -- your "Family Guy" has been on what, 11 years?
Yes.
You don't want to wrap it up, do you?
No, no.
You'll do it as long as they'll let you, won't you?
I think at this point, yes.
What are you disappointed in?
I feel like if I knew, if I was in those little rooms or those big rooms --
Now why, of all the causes, not that we don't agree that that should have been done, but why that?
Well, Bill, good a time as any to make this announcement.
Is there always locusts?
Not in Beverly Hills, but I mean --
How do you do it when they're all talking together in the same scene?
Well, when we do table reads for the shows, I -- it's a necessity, I have to jump around, you know, "Hey, Quagmire, how's it going?"
So that was your tribute to -- I remember when that played, that was this whole hour episode, right, because that was, for some reason, something that was very influential in your childhood, "Star Wars," right?
Yes, you know, I mean, my generation has -- grew up with that and it's, like it or not, we all know it backwards and forwards.
Really?
I was actually more of a --
You can't have both?
No.
How old were you when you made that?
I was about 2 years old, I think.
You did do that at 2?
Yes.
I was, what, 20?
Oh, 20, OK.
What do you think of shows like "American Idol," the singing and "The Voice" and all these singing contests that are on TV?
I've maybe seen "American Idol" twice.
You've avoided it?
I've never seen "The Voice."
Does that count?
I've mentioned it before.
What about procedural crime shows?
It's tough to get --
You are that bear?
Yes, yes.
You're in that bear costume?
I'm -- yes, I'm in the bear costume.
So if you were pitching it, and you had to do something meets something, what would it be?
I'd say, hey, it's "You, Me and Dupree" with fuzz.
Who does she play?
She plays --
Of the bear?
The love interest of Mark Wahlberg.
So you don't get the girl?
No, no, I do not.
It did?
Yes.
We're never going to see that?
Well, at some point in the future you may.
Is it not?
Kind of the other problem.
That, you know, there were a number of issues with -- the predominant issue was schedule, but you know, there was -- it was a challenge to -- in a world where there are so many animated fathers on television who can trace their cartoon lineage directly back to Fred Flintstone, where does Fred Flintstone fit in himself?
Right.
You're bringing that back on FOX?
Yes.
Right on regular TV?
Yes.
So what is that -- what can people look forward to with that show?
Well, fans of the original will know more or less what to look for.
One of your heroes, right?
Yes, absolutely, yes.
One of the very influential writer -- and the last guy to really bridge the gap between science and between academia and -- is that word, academia?
Academia.
-- kind of really one or the other, right?
The problem is that if I tell you, hey, there's a monster living under my bed, you would say, well, that sounds ridiculous.
Are you an exercise nut?
RMSTRONG: I'm a -- yes.
And -- have you ever been in bad shape in your whole life?
Yes.
What is it asking for?
Well, Prop 29 is a -- is a price increase on a pack of cigarettes in the state of California.
Do you agree with that?
Well, it's certainly safe to say that the gloves are off here.
And I guess it's a little dated there, Lance, because at that point, you'd only won the Tour de France five times and you've actually won it seven, didn't you?
Yes, at the time, only five of them.
Is it a mental thing?
RMSTRONG: No, I mean I think there's certainly a mental part of this.
Is it not very just painful at a certain point?
It depends how you describe pain.
Do you see him when you're in Texas?
You know, I -- I -- I saw the former president about a year ago.
You know, I'm a little nervous, so how do you do that?
You look them in the eye.
What -- what is your favorite movie, Mr. President?
Well, the first movie I ever saw more than once was "High Noon."
Later on, did you realize that that was an anti-McCarthy movie?
Yes.
And that all the townspeople run and hide, and there you are to face the enemy all by your lonesome?
Sometimes.
Who would you want to play you, Mr. President?
Gosh, I don't know.
George Clooney?
Too good looking.
What was the name of the movie?
"Descendants."
And Hillary, who would you play Hillary in this movie?
LINTON: Meryl Streep.
Is that true or was it your idea?
No, he invited me to play.
He did?
Yes.
Invited you to play?
And --
And what possessed you to do that in the middle of a presidential race?
Well, I started -- I hadn't played in a couple of years.
And doesn't he realize how un-cool he is?
I don't know, you know, Donald Trump has been uncommonly nice to Hillary and me.
Do you think Mitt Romney would have pulled the trigger if he was the president?
I don't know that.
Was it a mistake politically, you know, to come out in support of it?
Well, I think, yes, it was somewhat risky because a lot of his African-American support in the churches are not for it.
The race between Obama and Romney, how close do you think that race will be?
Can't tell you.
Why?
LINTON: Because of the condition of the economy.
It seems to play with a certain group, but do you think that really will affect people and think that he can produce jobs that the president can't?
I think it will affect some people who relate well to businessmen.
Tell us what you're planning to do this year, Mr. President?
Well, we're going to bring in people from all over the country to talk about the American economy.
Do you think we can, you know, fix the economy?
Oh, yes.
How do we fix it?
But -- well, we've got to continue to accelerate the resolution of the home mortgage crisis.
How do we go about doing that?
The best way to do it is for America to join most other countries in using not just tax dollars to build roads and bridges and new water systems, and infrastructure is also a new electrical grid.
What are we planning to do about fixing education in this country?
Well, I think there are two things you have to do.
Can you tell the American people why you think the economy went bad in the United States?
Well, I think two things happened.
And they repealed the oversight bills, didn't they?
Well, they -- to some extent.
How do you feel about what he -- what he did today?
I think he's doing the right thing.
How did you get there, and how do I get there?
Well, what I did was -- first of all, when I had my second heart incident and I had to put the stents put in, I had passed all my physicals, I was doing great, I was still building up plaque in my arteries.
What would you do in this situation, and what would you advise the president?
Well, I think that the president -- and, you know, Hillary as secretary of state has been very actively in this.
Is the world better without Assad?
I think so, now.
You were able to hold it together?
I was, for two reasons.
How did you raise a teenager in the White House?
As much as possible we raised her as we would have if we hadn't been in the White House.
You watched "The Princess Bride" with Chelsea, what, every year?
Oh yes, we've watched it, I don't know, countless times.
Chelsea, Hillary?
Chelsea will be too young, I think, maybe not quite.
Mr. President, the Clinton Global Initiative, how do the viewers, you know, who are watching tonight, how do they get involved?
Well, they can go to our Web site, ClintonFoundation.org, or there is one of the Clinton Global Initiative, CGI.
Or how did that all come about?
Well, I probably thought it was kind of silly at the time.
Is it a hard thing to, you know, live up to all these years later?
The older you get, yes.
Is it hard for you to watch?
Yes.
Do you watch your own movies?
Usually once.
Is that right?
Yes.
Is that right?
Yes.
How are you dealing with all this at that time?
I think it was a lot for me.
What are you going to torture me with now?
No, no, look.
You know?
Right.
Any regrets about not taking those?
No.
At that point were you worried about being typecast or pigeon holed in any way?
Early on I probably was, but -- I mean that changed pretty quickly.
Is that OK?
OK.
Really?
Yes.
What'd you have to do?
The whole thing was quite a task.
And how long does a process like that take?
It took -- I don't know.
What -- is there a key, a rule?
Well, I think we're really compatible and just different enough to keep it interesting.
Did you use him as research?
I did.
But you know this was 1993, right, when you did this?
Yes.
I mean was it a hard decision for you to adopt, you know, unmarried?
No, not at all.
Is that right?
Yes.
How could anyone be unsure about Michelle Pfeiffer?
I mean, I think he was attracted to me.
Who'd you get that from?
Again, we have our sources.
And I -- it just really, it just really changes everything, you know?
Yes.
Would you work with your husband?
I would be so lucky to have him be writing for me.
What's different about you?
Really different.
Is that true?
Yes.
Then?
Yes.
Really?
You know, I did some acupuncture.
Is it something you think about?
Sometimes I do, sometimes I don't.
I mean, who cares, right?
Right.
I mean just, the double standard that you hear about is it real?
It is.
Is that right?
I mean, I'm still -- I mean, I'm never really a glutton, you know, I mean -- I mean, in terms of relative to maybe some other people, you know...
How hard is it?
Well, I actually really love the vegan diet because I love carbs.
Is that right?
... for somebody who ate well and exercised well and did all the right things.
Stunning, right?
It's really remarkable.
And let's just ban, as Mayor Bloomberg has done in New York -- he's saying large product sales of that -- what do you think of that?
Well, the thing is, you know -- look, I'm not an expert on any of this.
But the fact that, you know, people are going to sort of now -- who wouldn't have paid attention before, are going to kind of sit up and go, Well, why would he want to do that?
Right.
Any tips on anyone who -- anyone that wants to start a vegan diet now watching you?
FEIFFER: Well, I would say what I did was I just said, OK, I'm just going to do -- I'm going to give myself eight weeks and I'm going to just -- I'm not going to commit to this for a lifetime because it's -- it's -- psychologically, it's huge for people to wrap their minds -- and just to see.
But it also -- you know, it makes room for really interesting conversations now because they take me on, you know?
They challenge you a little bit.
You like that?
It's the first time I've done this...
Which of all these do you think the queen will be most excited by, Katie?
Well, I think she was probably most excited by the pageant just because in her lifetime, as in ours, she would never have seen anything quite like that.
What do you think?
I think absolutely.
I mean, can you imagine?
No.
But what lessons should we take from tonight's Republican win in this recall election looking ahead to November?
Yes, you know, I think if you are a Democrat, you take a look at these numbers, you say gee, President Obama is still up 11 points in the state by those who voted.
Can you hear that?
-- guards in particular -- I can hear it now, actually.
When people say why should we care that the Queen is having her 60th anniversary celebration, what do you say?
Well, the first thing is it emerges very quickly that people do care.
Brooke?
(Inaudible) on the carriage.
The Queen and Prince Charles made that great speech, what did it feel like to be there?
Oh, it was fantastic.
-- the Queen be holding an umbrella in such a carriage?
Oh, they'll have a gilt-edged umbrella, I would imagine.
Was he really?
He was actually carriage driving --
At the age of 90?
At the age of 90, 91 on Sunday.
Why is she so revered and not just in this country but around the world?
I think she represents something that is constant in a changing world.
(Inaudible), aren't you, Brooke?
I've just never -- I've never, ever seen it.
We do, don't we?
We do.
How do you know?
Because her husband isn't here.
Yes?
Yes.
Why?
Because it's all about the line of succession.
Out of interest, when you're all standing behind the curtains waiting to come out, what are you all doing?
Chatting.
About -- about what?
Lots of family gossip.
About what?
And drinking homemade lemon refresher.
Lemon refresher?
Yes.
I think it's just a great endorsement for the royal family, isn't it?
I feel like they've been energized these last four days to a new level again.
That's not going to happen, is it?
No, totally false assumption.
Gut reaction to what we just saw?
Immense pride to be sitting here.
Wasn't it?
Very, very emotional.
What does it really mean in the bigger context of our election?
Oh, I think it's a little early to tell for sure.
Do you actually mean that?
I was asked by somebody if I thought that the current president was the weakest president, and I said I thought the competition probably was President Carter, that the two presidencies did not have the energy or the leadership.
What does America, what does President Obama actually do when you have great powers like Russia and China saying we're not playing ball?
Well, it's a tough situation for the United States and for the administration.
If you were President Obama, what is the thing that you do to stop right now any more of these atrocities?
The idea that sanctions will work as long as Iran and Russia and other countries are supportive of the Assad regime is mindless.
If I was to pin you down and say, what was your greatest moment in office and your worst moment, what would you say?
Oh, I think probably the worst moment is being engaged in a war.
How important is it to any political leader, do you think, to have that kind of person at their right-hand side?
Oh, I think any -- any person in tough jobs is so fortunate to have someone who can walk up to them and call them by their first name and tell them what they really think, and add some balance and perspective and dimension to a life that gets quite hectic sometimes when you're serving an important position.
Do you think you've built up a reputation that is perhaps not entirely accurate?
Oh, goodness.
Your thoughts?
Well, I wouldn't -- it's not really surprising that the secretary would say something like that.
How are you claiming some kind of weird victory out of all this?
There's nothing weird about flipping the state senate.
Are they all a bunch of mad extremists?
No.
Were you choking on your soup?
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ: Yeah.
Was his opinion correct?
No.
And a big defeat for the Democrats, isn't it?
Yeah.
Could Mitt Romney pick him as a VP?
MITH: I don't think so, because I think part of Romney's message is going to be about how he united both parties in Massachusetts, got things done as governor.
When the Democrats squeal about money, are they being disingenuous?
They are completely being disingenuous.
What do you think?
I think you also have to remember that Donald Rumsfeld lost his job -- first job in the White House from the Ford administration to the Carter administration.
Do you quibble?
Completely.
If Iraq was a disaster, then what was Libya?
Let me stop you in full explosive flow.
On the foreign policy stage, very hard to see many negatives, isn't it, for President Obama?
Well, he actually increased the troop numbers in Afghanistan.
What do you think the smart thing for Obama to do is?
I think Rumsfeld did have a point, that all of this talk of sanctions does not seem to be effective, that the choice Obama faces is whether or not to intervene militarily or not.
Yet what do you do about the humanitarian catastrophe that is unfurling before our eyes?
I don't think you've seen any politicians, any sort of leading national politicians with a clear answer to that question.
But what does this really mean in the context of the national election, do you think?
Well, I think it has an impact both on what's going to happen in the fall and more important what happens after that.
How do you feel about it?
Well, I think the benefit of what happened on Tuesday was the power of ideas.
But if Romney called you and said, right, I've thought about this, you are my man, I presume you wouldn't turn him down?
Well, again, I would probably eagerly persuade him that the best person in Wisconsin to put on the ticket is indeed Paul Ryan.
He decides not Paul Ryan, it's going to be Scott Walker?
ALKER: I think he'd have a pretty tough person to convince in terms of my wife, Tonette, after all this campaigning, all this focus in Wisconsin.
What do you make about this furor over President Clinton's comments, which have been, it appears, completely at odds with President Obama's positions in relation to Mitt Romney in particular and to the Bush tax cuts?
Well, I think it -- you know, it's interesting.
Is that accurate?
Yes, it is.
Is it really likely that he would have said these things which are so on the face of it, diametrically opposed to President Obama's main key election battle grounds as a mistake or could it be something a little bit more sinister?
Well, I know his critics, not only Republican critics but even some of his Democratic critics see something a little bit more sinister.
What was it like to see your son elected president?
Very emotional for me.
You, as his friend, what do you think?
I think he felt badly for his son, and -- when his son was criticized.
?
You know, I don't know.
Really?
Yeah, I think so.
Chaz, how are you?
I'm good.
How are you doing?
Well, I was just trying to think back to our last encounter, and what an extraordinary twist to your life that's gone on ever since.
How much pressure did the fact that you decided to become a man -- how much pressure did that put on the relationship, do you think, looking back?
I mean, I think it put some pressure on the relationship.
Did you feel that she ever fully embraced what you were doing?
You know, I think that she did.
Do you regret doing that, with hindsight?
I mean, it wasn't a pleasant thing to do, you know, honestly.
Have you managed to stay friends?
Yeah I mean, I think we both cared very deeply for each other.
How are you finding that?
Well, you know, I'm not the most outgoing fellow.
What did you feel when all that bile was being spilled in your direction?
You know, I think that it just -- when that first started with those type of people, I just kind of let it roll off my back.
Do you and your stepmother have lively debates about this, Chaz?
You know, we really -- we really don't.
Nastia, how are you?
Good.
And these are all from Beijing?
Yes.
They're pretty cool, aren't they?
Yes.
What does it feel like to actually own Olympic gold medals?
It's kind of surreal, because you know, this is something that you've been dreaming about for your whole entire life and ever since I knew like what the word Olympics meant, I always knew that I wanted to win a gold medal at the Olympic Games.
And both competed for the Soviet Union, right?
Yes.
Why are you not speaking like this, representing Russia?
Well, we moved to the United States when I was 2 1/2 years old.
Where did you start in America?
New Orleans.
I do?
Yes.
Would you go back to Russia?
We do.
And how does your grandmother feel about you representing America?
I think they're OK with it.
How did they feel when you won the gold?
Well, my mom wasn't there.
Really?
She actually went to like some Chinese temple and you know, I had to call her as soon as I knew that I won, but she turned her phone on silent so nobody would break the news to her.
But America's been very good to you and your family, hasn't it?
It definitely has and I think it's given us so many amazing opportunities.
So do you still -- you consider yourself really American or both?
You know, it's hard to answer that question.
What do you want me to say?
Whatever -- I wouldn't understand you anyway.
Really?
Yes.
Very sexy language, isn't it?
Yes.
You said you weren't going to be competing, and then you became the comeback kid at the grand old age of -- how old are you?
Twenty-two.
What changed your mind?
You know, there's something about the sport of gymnastics in the Olympic Games.
Do you think you can win gold?
I think so.
Would you like to continue in some other form in gymnastics?
I was thinking I would retire until my dad, who coaches me still, said maybe you should compete at another world championships after and do another year.
What do you think it takes to be a champion, to be an Olympic champion?
I think it obviously it takes a lot of hard work.
You trained Christmas Day?
Yes.
Who are your great role models?
You know, it sounds so --
-- just casually on television, what you can say to try and get them to take a different path?
I think it's really important to understand that, you know, you can achieve anything that you set your mind to.
Is that true?
I guess, yes.
ORGAN: Is that how you see yourself?
I see myself as a normal 19-year-old kid.
Who just happens to be a gold medal contending power ball?
Yes, I guess.
What was it like?
Growing up in the Bronx, especially as a gymnast, it's not easy.
It wasn't masculine enough for them?
No.
Why gymnastics?
I love gymnast -- I -- I took gymnastics because it's one of the most challenging sports in the world.
-- this was going to be you?
I just felt it.
I mean, going from one place to somewhere completely different?
Yes, I'm glad I got to train in Westchester.
What are the good parts of you that you think come from being a Bronx guy?
I mean, well, look at my parents.
And I mean with people like that in the Bronx, you can't be that bad, right?
Yes.
Did you get into fights with the kids in the Bronx?
I --
Does everybody have to fight, for a young man growing up in the Bronx?
No, no, no.
Knives, as well?
Yes.
He was stabbed?
No, thank God.
What did -- what did it teach you, the incident?
That life is unpredictable and you can't -- you can't let -- you can't hold onto that.
Do you see, in the future, a life for them out of the Bronx?
Absolutely.
I mean because you're, what are you, 19?
Nineteen.
This is not a world that you're allowed to do, right?
It's -- it's not.
If you perform at your absolute best, what can you achieve in London?
I think if I do my absolute best, I think -- I think I might have a chance of being on the medal stand and all around.
And if you win a gold -- how is that going to make you feel, a boy from the Bronx winning an Olympic Gold Medal, standing on that podium, the American national anthem playing?
That would be a dream come true.
It would be an emotional moment for you, huh?
Yes, definitely an emotional moment for me.
And your parents?
And my family.
Really?
Yes.
I am?
That's what -- that's what I'm hearing.
Are you ready for the screaming women chasing you down the street?
Oh, yes.
And if you win the gold, can you imagine all those guys who teased you back in the Bronx, are you going to be thinking of their pictures, of their faces?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Shoot up in your face and you stand there?
No, never.
It will be a little bit, won't it?
No, I don't think so.
Being an American?
Yes.
Aly, how are you?
I'm very good.
You're 17 years old, but in gymnastics terms, I mean, you're quite old, right?
Yes, I'm definitely, I guess, considered old for gymnastics.
How you feeling?
I'm feeling very confident.
The amount of training you do for this kind of thing must be absurd, it's just relentless, isn't it?
Yes, definitely.
Seeing all your mates off down, I don't know where they go, the night clubs, having fun, listening to the music, going out, eating bad food, having donuts, do you miss any of that?
I mean, I used to miss it.
You don't feel you're missing anything?
No, I don't at all.
Is winning an Olympic gold for you the absolute number one dream?
AISMAN: Yes, definitely, winning the Olympic gold, it just gives me chills thinking about it, and I've been dreaming about that ever since I was a little girl.
Is it literally all seven hours a day you're thinking about gold medals, the podium, the American anthem?
Yes, definitely, especially in the car ride to and from gym I find myself thinking out a lot, just visualizing what the Olympics would be like and just having such great role models.
Are you allowed to have boyfriends?
I mean, right now I'm not, I don't have a boyfriend, but maybe after the summer I --
So that's banned before the Olympics?
Yes.
Is he like your boyfriend?
No, he's not like my boyfriend, but he's a very nice guy and he's one of my good friends.
So that's important, right?
Yes, that's very important to me.
Because you started all this when you went to a mommy and me class when you were 3 years old, right?
Yes.
Are you a good loser?
I do not like to lose at all, but it motivates me.
What does it mean to you to be an American in the Olympics?
It means everything to me just to be able to represent the United States.
What was it like to see your son elected president?
Very emotional for me.
You, as his friend, what do you think?
I think he felt badly for his son, and -- when his son was criticized.
?
You know, I don't know.
Really?
Yeah, I think so.
Chaz, how are you?
I'm good.
How are you doing?
Well, I was just trying to think back to our last encounter, and what an extraordinary twist to your life that's gone on ever since.
How much pressure did the fact that you had decided to become a man -- how much pressure did that put on the relationship, do you think, looking back?
I mean, I think it put some pressure on the relationship.
Did you feel that she ever fully embraced what you were doing?
You know, I think that she did.
Do you regret doing that, with hindsight?
I mean, it wasn't a pleasant thing to do, you know, honestly.
Have you managed to stay friends?
Yeah I mean, I think we both cared very deeply for each other.
How are you finding that?
Well, you know, I'm not the most outgoing fellow.
What did you feel when all that bile was being spilled in your direction?
You know, I think that it just -- when that first started with those type of people, I just kind of let it roll off my back.
If he becomes president, would that concern you to his position on, as you said, a new civil rights issue in many ways would be pretty intransigent?
You know, as a Democrat I'm always -- and especially after our last Republican president -- I'm concerned to have a Republican in the White House for any number of reason.
But particularly that one?
I get -- any number of reasons.
Do you and your stepmother have lively debates about this, Chaz?
You know, we really -- we really don't.
How excited are you about London?
You know, I'm very excited.
Why not?
No, no.
Like what the heck?
That's the picture there.
What happened?
I don't know.
In the last hundredth of a second did you just give up?
No, I didn't give up.
Seriously?
Yeah.
You went and broke your thumb?
I broke my thumb in the next race.
Because you were so full of rage?
I was just -- I couldn't believe I lost by a touch.
How hard are you hitting that wall to break your thumb?
I didn't know I did it.
No man?
That's a good question.
Which one are you going to take?
Oh, my gosh.
Is that true?
I think I have to shut my mouth more.
Next?
I always quaintly assumed that when you get to that stage of the preparation it's like boxers, there's no hanky-panky.
So why not, right?
Of course, I never did anything like that.
Did you have your eyes on anybody special this year after -- say you win gold, anyone on the American Olympic squad that you might be the lucky recipient of my joy?
I'm as old as their mothers.
Are we going to stand side by side and do it together?
No, we're not.
OK, let's get to -- women watch this, falling over saying how, how do you keep that six pack looking like that?
Well, people have to remember I do this for a living.
For how long?
Probably between four and six hours.
Where do you get your information from?
I've just done a very thorough research job on you.
So did you fire him?
No.
What has he said about London?
I don't like to share that, because I don't want to jinx anything.
It'll stay between us?
And hundreds of millions of people around the world.
What has he got right?
He's gotten a lot right about my personal life.
Like what?
Well, okay.
Really?
Yeah, yeah.
You were having trouble conceiving and he predicted you would have a daughter?
Yeah.
Who does he talk to?
Well, what you do is you go in there and he leaves the room and you take a card and you write down three questions that you want answered and your write down three people who have passed away and you sign and print your name.
And you have a conversation through this man?
ORRES: I don't have a conversation -- yeah, he's an example, I asked something and my dad came in and he started talking about how my dad only wants me to finish this last one because he wants to see me have a family and you know have that come first.
Until that's done in your life, do you think you've got a chance?
Well, I guess I'll find out in a few months.
So one last gold in London?
I actually would just like to make the Olympic team.
They will won't you?
I hope so.
Jesse, how are you?
I'm doing well, Piers.
How re you?
You are looking very well.
Is that right?
Yes, that's true.
How does that work?
I will.
You're basically endorsing a form of fascism, aren't you?
We're already fascists, Piers.
Why is it just one way?
Well, I guess that -- here's what I thought when I read your book.
How do you actually have a government that works if everyone is an independent?
Well, you can still -- you can turn the Democrats and Republicans into special interests, which is what they are anyway.
These would be independents formerly known as Democrats and Republicans, wouldn't they?
No, not necessarily.
You know why?
Go on.
You know why?
No.
When you hear the president and Republican nominee going at it like this, given the state of economy, what's your reaction?
Well, my reaction, it doesn't matter.
What do you think?
I think it's awful.
So presumably you'll be boycotting FOX and MSNBC on your book tour, will you, Jesse?
I won't be boycotting them.
Really?
-- will have me on.
He has?
Well, he is pulling them out.
He's pulling them out, isn't he?
Well, I guess he is.
What would you do with Iran?
Well, I'll give you a scenario.
So the U.S. -- the U.S. is definitely threatened by these countries in what way?
You don't think --
What did you make of that?
Well, I think that's what -- the defense basically filed that motion today.
Is it damaged at all by the fact that quite a few of the boys who are now men obviously have also filed civil complaints, so there is a potential financial incentive here?
I don't think it's damaged.
Don't they have some right to some recompense to help them deal with the abuse as they go forward?
I saw when Jason Carroll was talking about the defense strategy, you shaking your head vigorously there.
You clearly don't make a lot of that, right?
I don't understand what the defense strategy is.
It is classic grooming behaviors, isn't it, we're looking at?
Oh, absolutely.
What's that all about?
I think both sides probably think this is going to advantage them.
Why are you running?
Well, I've been in public service just about all of my adult life, in addition to the time my wife and I spent running a small business.
What do you say to those who say, you know, you're no spring chicken and the young guy should get a run?
Well, that's a good question.
What did you think when you heard that?
Well, I think he's got a good message there.
Is that true?
I think that's the distraction my opponent has tried to use to move us away from what's really important to the people of Arizona.
Just for the purposes of clarification, are you a big supporter of the president?
Well, when it comes to the November election, I will support the president.
Before we get to that, how would you categorize where she is now?
Well, she's in a different prison in reality.
How does she deal with that, do you think?
Well, she's -- she accepts her reality.
Is that true?
No.
Have you formed any kind of opinion about that?
Well, I don't think anybody killed her.
What kind of woman is she?
Well, she's a young woman, just slightly older than some of my grandchildren.
What do you think?
Well, I don't know.
They perform, didn't they?
Judges, clerks, deputies, witnesses, lawyers, jurors.
Could she be pulling the wool over your eyes?
Well, I guess anything is possible.
What will she be doing tomorrow for example?
Well, she will read books.
You think she'd like to be a mother again?
She probably would.
Lisa, what did you make of it today?
I found the testimony incredibly moving.
Is it significant that his story is slightly changing?
It would be if he were the sole witness or if he were the victim.
In your experience in this field, it can't be uncommon that a 14-year-old boy would perhaps have memory issues with this kind of thing, could it?
Absolutely not.
What is their importance in this now?
I think Doty's importance is clear.
In relation to Joe Paterno?
Well, it's a tragedy because it shows what happens when you have an icon and when football becomes too important at a university.
You mean "Dallas," not the royal wedding?
Actually both were.
Was it all you hoped it would be when you signed up for this?
More.
Really, why?
We had this realization we would never work together again.
What?
I mean, you look so nice and normal today.
Were you remotely concerned, given that you were the top dog, if you like, that it might damage the brand?
Yes.
How long did you think about it?
About until they told me how much I was going to make.
How much was it?
I don't remember.
How much did the friendship come into it?
Well, I wouldn't be doing it without them.
Is everything OK, back to normal?
So far, yeah.
Was that your chuckle or was it one you perfected?
In Germany, it's not my chuckle.
Did you really say that?
He said that.
You think that's evil?
No wonder I drank.
Did you like being, for what you were for a long time, the most evil man on television?
Well, you know, I don't think I was an evil man.
That is evil, isn't it?
Especially against his own family.
Did you like the reputation?
Of course I do, yes.
How do people react even now?
They -- the question they say is who shot J.R.
You ever tell them?
Yes, yeah.
What did you say?
Bing Crosby's daughter.
When you guys are filming in Dallas, presuming you live there for the duration, when you walk around, it must be like the royal family, isn't it?
Everywhere.
Where are you most popular outside America?
I think it was in the U.K.
Really?
Every night, yeah.
How do you feel about it?
Well, I actually was completely excited about what I considered to be a fun challenge.
Is he everything like his father or nothing like his father?
John Ross was a little baby.
Am I right?
Yes.
How have you found it coming into this iconic show?
It's been wonderful.
How old were you when "Dallas" -- how old are you, if you don't mind me asking?
I was born in 1980.
Jesse, for you, from "Desperate House Wives" to "Dallas," does it get any better?
You know, I feel incredibly blessed to have the opportunity to be another television phenomenon.
Can we have a little critique?
They're going to drag us into another 13 years.
Is anybody winning that argument?
I don't think it's an argument that either one of these men can win because it's so dependent, almost entirely dependent on events beyond their control.
I mean isn't that the reality, a stain on all your houses?
You know, the -- the problem is that everybody is a little bit right.
How many men of that age shower with boys of 13, 14?
Exactly.
But what is your feeling about what has gone wrong with America incorporated?
Well, you know, I don't think we're really facing up to our problems.
Would you vote for him?
You know, I would -- I still lean towards him, because I know nothing about -- I still don't feel I know anything about Romney.
Really?
And I never, ever thought that I would.
And the main reason for that would be what?
I just feel -- you know, he had a good first two years.
He's how old now?
Zach is now 28.
When did you first realize this?
You know, I would say around the ages -- you know, I don't really remember, maybe 10 to 12, he has a phenomenal memory.
Is it like the character of Dustin Hoffman?
Yes, I mean it is a little bit like that.
What was the intention of this?
The intention was not to rediscover my son.
What did you learn about fatherhood that maybe surprised you when you went on this trip?
Well, I think it's about acceptance.
Or does he just judge you purely on your personal qualities as a father?
He has -- he has some concept.
How are you?
Yes, since the last time I saw you, I thought you would never invite me back.
Chateau le Tour?
Yes, it's a Chateau le Tour.
Are they called the Fallonettes?
They are not.
How do you jump this rock star shot?
Thanks, god.
The new look?
The new look -- I'm just losing --
Are you not taken so seriously as a rock star?
I just have this compilation of all this music and maybe it is going in my ahead a little bit.
Bruce Springsteen, I mean incredibly, you got him to cover Willis Smith's hit, right?
"Whip My Hair."
-- The Boss?
The Boss.
No?
Yes.
Is he serious?
Yes.
And it's like, if you think about it, when would he -- when would he ever see Bruce dressed like he was 30 years ago?
Listen, it's a brilliant album.
How did you persuade him to do that?
It was one of these weird things.
It's just the joy of competition, you know?
Or did you deliberately lose to her to try and get the --
-- with the president?
No, because we did everything inside the White House.
Do you think you're enhancing the reputation of your nation and its great leader by doing a sack race the East Room, a potato race?
Well, the goal of this is to get children to get fit and workout and do --
And you had a private meeting with the president before this -- the slow jam?
Yes.
How does that go?
Well, the -- it's -- by protocol, they want you to meet the president alone, because you invited him, so you -- so I'm -- I have to be there in -- no -- no stage manager, no assistants, no Fallonettes, no one is allowed to --
-- who would it be?
-- why would I impersonate someone with three minutes left --
I want to show God my act?
Don't be so American literal about this.
Can you get more index cards laid out?
So this "Call Me Maybe," even my kids back in England, who wouldn't necessarily know who you are, now know you're the guy from the "Call Me Maybe" clip, because two million hits on YouTube.
Would you turn down the "Tonight Show" if you were offered it?
No, I wouldn't turn it down.
Is it -- is it the Holy Grail?
No.
Really?
I don't think so.
Hasn't it always been the Holy Grail as a -- as a talk show host in America?
I think it's the story around it, but it's not.
Why do you think nothing happened?
Well, it's the $64,000 question.
What is your assessment of what's been going on this week in court?
Well, you know, I'm so thankful that these survivors came forward because maybe we can put an end to the notion that, A, boys don't get sexually abused, or the fact that we can't get enough evidence to get what I think is frankly a monster who has groomed, who used his power of authority to take advantage of these victims -- survivors and survivors and their families.
And what difference does that make to a jury's ability to comprehend perhaps some of what is going on and what they're hearing?
This is going to sound strange but I think the best gift the prosecution has is that they can't put on expert testimony.
And how traumatic is it to come to a courtroom and relive the abuse that maybe in some cases they've hidden from family and friends?
Well, unfortunately, when you have been abused the way they were abused, not just abused physically but also emotionally, and abuse of trust, every trauma can be a layer.
What do you think these boys who are now men have been going through to have to relive in public what they went through?
Let me tell you, Piers, I don't think there's a child out there who hasn't been sexually abused and isn't right now reliving what these young men are, in fact, testifying, too, and how they're having to relive it as I talk to you tonight.
Do you think it's conceivable that Dottie Sandusky, Jerry's wife, knew nothing about any of this?
No, I think -- I think she knew.
What do you think of the whole Sandusky case?
Well, I know, you know, having -- before I went to Save the Children, I started a program for juvenile delinquency kids in Baltimore.
What was the purpose?
You know, after he died, I essentially didn't know what to do.
Did he really?
Yes, he did.
What would he have made of that?
I think, you know, political debates, campaigns are tough.
What do you think is now the dividing line between Governor Romney and President Obama?
Well, I thought their contrasting speeches today were very revealing.
Is it completely off the table that he would do that?
Well, I think he's laid out a very specific plan with respect to tax policy.
Are you sensitive to that, that charge that actually the drive to push out Barack Obama from the Republican side and Governor Romney's side, that actually the national interest can get damaged here, and that there is a need up to the election for the business of running America to be allowed to continue?
Well, Piers, one of the unfulfilled promises of the Obama presidency is his explicit pledge to change Washington and to reduce the partisanship there.
Are you feeling increasingly confident in the Romney camp?
Well, I think what I would say is we're cognizant of the fact -- well, I don't know if I can say it in one word.
So you've definitely hit a bit of a wall at a very difficult time for you with the campaign, haven't you?
Well, Piers, what I was going to say, if I were able to finish what I was about to say, was that the president has continuously said, well, we've made progress.
What are the admissions that you're prepared to make to the American public as we head towards the election?
Well, it's not about whether we need to grow our economy.
So how did you guys feel when President Clinton comes out and says the complete opposite?
I think that if you look at what Clinton said, Piers, he said there's two different ways that you can conduct business.
Finally, give me a word answer tot his, do you feel more comfort now winning the election than you did, say, a month ago or less confident?
Neither.
Why are you such a big deal?
You must have a lot of Polish people --
What does it mean to you to have that reputation?
Well, I've been really lucky to be at places where their brand helped me right away.
Do you believe as a coach instinctively you can learn more from a loss than a victory?
I think you learn -- you learn from every experience, but a loss puts you in a position where you're more reflective, you can -- you go to deeper places than you do with a win.
Why do you think that happened in Athens, and what are you going to do to stop it happening in London when the whole world assumes you're going to win gold quite easily?
Well, the very first thing is you don't go with assumptions.
How often do you think about that game?
I think about it often, because I --
Hourly?
Not hourly.
How do you get it to gel and to work where they have to share that status?
Well, the very first thing is you're honest with them.
Why is ego now seen as a stick to beat people with?
Well, I don't know.
It's all part of the same thing, isn't it?
It is.
Is the American dream still as attainable as it was when you were young?
Yes, I don't think it is.
-- then how can we blame them?
Well, you know, it -- intellect does not know race, color, nationality, gender.
What are the values that you like to instill in them, human values?
RZYZEWSKI: Well, the main thing is to be truthful, where you're honest with one another.
It was a very sad thing, though, wasn't it?
No, it was horrible, and I've respected Coach Paterno my entire life and had a chance to get to know him really well in the last year of his life.
What should Joe Paterno perhaps have done that he didn't?
Well, you should deal with it like -- like any team should deal with it.
What does it take to be a champion in sports, and not just a winner, or a good sportsman, or even necessarily a great sportsman, but a champion over a long period of time?
Well, incredible commitment.
What would that mean to you personally?
I'll decide on that after it's over.
What do you say to guys like that at that moment?
Yes, well, you keep it simple.
Do you think those guys in that moment understand that playing for their country beats anything else?
Yes, they do.
Do you even know how many you won?
Eleven.
In total, in your career and everything?
No, world championship, I know I have in the teens, but I'm not sure where.
Is it just swimmer or athlete in total?
Female athlete, American.
Are you the female Michael Phelps or is he the male Natalie Coughlin?
Oh, that's a really nice way to say that.
Because when he stands there to dive in, he must want to kill everyone, right?
Yes.
Isn't that what this is all about?
We are competitive by nature.
Before the race or during the race?
Just before it starts.
Are you nervous?
I'm incredibly nervous.
What is the swimmer's nightmare?
The swimmer's nightmare is not getting your suit on.
What does it take to you to be an American competing in the Olympic games, which is watched by the whole world?
It's pretty incredible.
Why were you so emotional?
It's an emotional event.
Why continue?
I love the day to day.
Being in your late 20s and being called old?
It does.
Could you even imagined just how well this has gone?
No, never.
Jesse, how are you?
I'm doing well, Piers.
How re you?
You are looking very well.
Is that right?
Yes, that's true.
How does that work?
I will.
You're basically endorsing a form of fascism, aren't you?
We're already fascists, Piers.
Why is it just one way?
Well, I guess that -- here's what I thought when I read your book.
How do you actually have a government that works if everyone is an independent?
Well, you can still -- you can turn the Democrats and Republicans into special interests, which is what they are anyway.
These would be independents formerly known as Democrats and Republicans, wouldn't they?
No, not necessarily.
You know why?
Go on.
You know why?
No.
When you hear the president and Republican nominee going at it like this, given the state of economy, what's your reaction?
Well, my reaction, it doesn't matter.
What do you think?
I think it's awful.
So presumably you'll be boycotting FOX and MSNBC on your book tour, will you, Jesse?
I won't be boycotting them.
Really?
-- will have me on.
He has?
Well, he is pulling them out.
He's pulling them out, isn't he?
Well, I guess he is.
What would you do with Iran?
Well, I'll give you a scenario.
So the U.S. -- the U.S. is definitely threatened by these countries in what way?
You don't think --
You mean "Dallas," not the royal wedding?
Actually both were.
Was it all you hoped it would be when you signed up for this?
More.
Really, why?
We had this realization we would never work together again.
What?
I mean, you look so nice and normal today.
Were you remotely concerned, given that you were the top dog, if you like, that it might damage the brand?
Yes.
How long did you think about it?
About until they told me how much I was going to make.
How much was it?
I don't remember.
How much did the friendship come into it?
Well, I wouldn't be doing it without them.
Is everything OK, back to normal?
So far, yeah.
Was that your chuckle or was it one you perfected?
AGMAN: In Germany, it's not my chuckle.
Did you really say that?
He said that.
You think that's evil?
No wonder I drank.
Did you like being, for what you were for a long time, the most evil man on television?
Well, you know, I don't think I was an evil man.
That is evil, isn't it?
Especially against his own family.
Did you like the reputation?
Of course I do, yes.
How do people react even now?
They -- the question they say is who shot J.R.
You ever tell them?
Yes, yeah.
What did you say?
Bing Crosby's daughter.
When you guys are filming in Dallas, presuming you live there for the duration, when you walk around, it must be like the royal family, isn't it?
Everywhere.
Where are you most popular outside America?
I think it was in the U.K.
Really?
Every night, yeah.
How do you feel about it?
Well, I actually was completely excited about what I considered to be a fun challenge.
Is he everything like his father or nothing like his father?
John Ross was a little baby.
Am I right?
Yes.
How have you found it coming into this iconic show?
It's been wonderful.
How old were you when "Dallas" -- how old are you, if you don't mind me asking?
I was born in 1980.
Jesse, for you, from "Desperate House Wives" to "Dallas," does it get any better?
You know, I feel incredibly blessed to have the opportunity to be another television phenomenon.
Can we have a little critique?
They're going to drag us into another 13 years.
In terms of the veracity of Barack Obama's story?
Thanks for asking it that way.
How much should we factor that in to perhaps some of the things you've unearthed that aren't quite right?
He did say that in his introduction to his book.
To retrain is the narrative?
Well, he says he only changed the narrative -- used composite characters and compressed chronology in order to make the story smoother but in fact he did it for other reasons.
What is the real Barack Obama like from what you discovered from 350 separate interviews with people who knew him very well?
He's introspective, he's cautious, he's what I call a partisan observer in his own life.
Did you find him basically an honest man?
I did.
Would you think he's got a bit of a free pass on that to some degree?
Well, it's a different generation.
How did you find the comparison between President Obama and President Clinton, having now immersed yourself in their lives?
Yes.
If you were thinking about whether to vote for him or not in November, what is the one thing where you thought, you know what, that isn't good?
Well, I didn't see anything venal.
A timidity?
Well, and a little bit -- you know, it's interesting because he always dismissed his mother as being naive but he came into the presidency with a little bit of naivete in terms of thinking that that grand speech he gave in 2004 bringing the whole country together, which in my book, in my interview, he said that he couldn't find a reason to exist if not for that universality.
-- did you see that now in the presidency?
With an occasional bold action which is also what everybody saw --
Conversely, what are the big positives that you found are consistent then to what he is now?
What I've found that's positive largely is that he is a human being who's growing and learning.
Piers, how are you?
Yes, it's good to talk to you again.
What is your reaction to these transcripts and to the prosecution's position over them?
Well, they are certainly significant to the one minor issue, if you will, of whether or not Shellie new about the amount of money that was in the accounts because clearly they show that she did.
OK, so total everything, how much are we looking at?
Like $155.
I mean is it -- is the reality that they do have hundreds of thousands of dollars?
There's no question that they were talking in this sort of simplistic kind of code where they were talking about $155 when, without question, they were talking about $155,000.
So I mean if you were putting a prosecutorial hat on, rather your current defense hat, you can see why the prosecution would be pretty agitated, can you?
No question, they did not tell a complete truth to the judge.
I mean it doesn't help you, to be brutally frank, does it not, that they appear to have lied in this, because when it comes to George Zimmerman defending himself and saying X, Y, Z, about what happened with Trayvon Martin, there will be critics now, understandably, saying, why should we believe you?
Absolutely true.
-- that you can believe now what George Zimmerman has told you about, as you say, the more serious issue of what happened that night with Trayvon Martin?
I would tell you that as we know the conversation between client and lawyer are so privileged, but I will tell you this, that I had never asked him a question about that fund because I wasn't aware of it.
That he could just be now in jail for possibly up to two years before this come to trial?
Judge Lester put his neck out for George Zimmerman.
What was your reaction when you saw the transcript?
Well, Piers, they truly take this very, very seriously.
Are you concerned about serious threats to your life?
This is what I do for a living.
How would you describe their relationship?
To the extent that I know about, they are good.
What do you think of that strategy by the defense?
It may be the one strategy they have.
How credible have you found the witnesses so far?
The witnesses for the prosecution I found them to be very credible.
How relevant do you think that could be?
I think it's very relevant.
Would you, if you were defending Jerry Sandusky, risk him on the stand?
These are very difficult cases generically to have a client or defendant testifying, because there are so many land mines that are going to occur with the numerous witness who testified.
Have you forgiven in your mind the policeman that did what they did to you?
Oh yes, I have forgiven them, because America has forgiven me for so many things And gave me so many chances.
In many ways, he was this iconic symbol, wasn't he, for race in modern America?
Not only an iconic symbol, but I think he actually, unbeknownst to him when he was doing it -- I think he changed this city.
Do you believe that in the end it will be seen as a race case, that case, the Trayvon Martin killing?
Well, I think in this country, it's hard to escape race whenever you have a child who's killed by a man who is not an African- American.
How much was it affected by what happened that day, do you think?
You know, I felt bad for Rodney.
I believe you have an announcement for us?
Yes.
I know that you've just been itching for a chance to go back, but do it in a new way, right?
Yes.
When did it all start to happen?
Well, I actually went to CBS about two years ago and told them that I wanted to come home.
What is the secret to you avoiding the aging process?
I drink my own urine.
When will you hit the airwaves?
I will hit in 2013, the fall.
What do you think is the most credible in terms of the status of Hosni Mubarak's health?
Well, Piers, I don't think there's any question that Hosni Mubarak's health took a turn for the worst today.
It is frankly in chaos, isn't it?
I wouldn't call it chaos.
Fran, how are you?
I'm good.
How are you?
So the president made this big speech tonight.
What did you make of that?
Well, he's talking about that -- the thing that was in the German newspaper.
Do they appreciate it?
I think they do and I think what he was trying to do with his time at the microphone was say to people, I don't have control over everything.
What should world leaders be talking to each other about actually doing to stop that sense of dangling on the precipice?
Well, whether we're talking about the future of the euro and all of these governments that need bailouts, whether we're talking about our own problem with entitlements getting so expensive, and the ballooning deficits and debt, I mean, what we need to do is look five and 10 years down the road and make decisions that are responsible for the future and not just expedient for us right now.
He's being a bit more playful, but more -- dare I say human?
Right.
Is this going to be a really aggressive tightly forged contest, you think?
I do.
Would he be the kind of choice, if you were Mitt Romney, that you would go for?
I'm going out on a limb and tell you, I'm pretty sure Marco Rubio will not the choice.
Is it in the end they may not be vote winners for President Obama even though many would believe they're the right thing to do?
Well, the question about those hot issues is, in all of those cases you were going through, you're basically identifying some of his strongest constituencies of voters.
Is it "Days of Our Lives"?
I think it's "General Hospital."
It's not really a laughing matter, this, is it?
No, I absolutely agree.
Based on what happened today, what is your take on her involvement?
Well, I think, you know, she probably is, as she presented, a sweet old lady.
Is there a danger if you go too hard, you alienate a jury?
Absolutely.
Am I wrong?
Well, personality disorder are real and pervasive, but at the end of the day, if you look at him, he had a relationship with his wife for 46 years.
Have you ever heard of this in all your time working in the sex crimes area?
I had never heard of it, Piers.
But certainly when you hear that for the first time, as I did last night, you are shocked, because it appears to be a confession, doesn't it?
Well, it sounds incriminating.
Would you do that if you were in that position now?
Well, I think it depends how they've seen the says go in.
If President Obama says he's the right guy to be elected in November, has he earned that right from the way that he's conducted himself economically?
Well, I think he said something in a speech the other day that was very telling.
In your lifetime, have you ever seen a worse situation for the American economy than the one that we're currently in?
Yeah, I think so.
Were you agreeing with him or not?
No, I was arguing about that.
In other words, how much does personal responsibility play here?
The vast majority of it.
Michele?
Hi.
And then secondly, when exactly do you start giving to charity?
Well, I would give always off the top before you do anything else.
Michele, are you satisfied with that?
Yeah, that's great.
Or would you like a different kind of attitude?
Well, that lady has fallen prey to a false set of logic.
Are you an Obama man at heart?
No.
What is the kind of leader that you're craving in an American president?
Moral compass.
I mean, historically, since the Second World War, say, is there evidence to say that when you go really negative against a vulnerable opponent perhaps, you'll win?
Not necessarily.
I mean -- I don't think the gloves have come off here, have they?
It's tamed and it's a mediocre as a piece of advertising.
Which is probably the sign of a good one, right?
Yes, absolutely.
Would you go there if you were Obama?
Well -- I guess that's one hot issue, but I would say there's something even more -- which is people don't really know who Romney is.
What do you make of it or what's going on behind the scenes here?
My guess is that Rubio indeed will not be the vice presidential nominee.
Who's the smart pick?
ICH: I don't think there really is a smart pick.
Am I right to be that cynical?
Probably, but I have a feeling in this case it's pretty small potatoes.
How justified is the criticism?
Well, first of all, this is an historical battle within the Constitution going back to Andrew Jackson who defied Congress and said you pass the law, now you execute it.
Why wouldn't they just be coming out with it otherwise?
So the constitutional principle versus the political reality.
What do you think will happen?
I think that the House will not vote contempt.
Michael Steele, former chairman of the RNC, Republican National Committee, criticizes Mitt Romney for taking a Barack Obama statement that he doesn't know anything about the economy when he was referring to John McCain taking it out of context and then Mitt Romney says well, if it was out of context, what's sauce for the goose?
To be fair to Frank, I don't think he likes the negative ads.
Can a presidential candidate win through positivity alone?
Well, it isn't necessarily -- the answer is yes, but contrasting, I think, Barack Obama's ideas are better than Mitt Romney's.
All of these skills are pretty seriously tested in this case because eon the face of it it's pretty grim for Penn State, isn't it?
Well, first let me say, I have to be very limited in what I can say to you about this, Piers.
Is that the problem for Penn State, that when you have such an iconic character, with Joe Paterno, for example, wielding such power through his just years of experience, decades of experience, that if it turns out that Sandusky is guilty and gets wayed (ph) off for a long time and it's sort of confirmed again that Joe Paterno knew and others knew, that that brings shame to Penn State, doesn't it, just an institution, that more young boys were allowed to be abused simply because those in positions of authority, for whatever reason, didn't do anything?
Look, just to be clear, to protect myself, I didn't know we would be talking about this subject tonight.
Do you think there's been a seismic shock to the whole system in this country?
Well, without focusing on just higher education, I think a good part of government's problem is an absence of transparency.
What is the kind of interview that absolutely sends you demented?
It's -- they Google.
What do you think of America right now?
You're starting right off there.
How much has that guided your sense of people not being reliant on their parents?
That's a really good question.
Are you an Obama man at heart?
No, no.
What is the kind of leader that you're craving in an American president?
Moral compass.
What do you think?
I agree.
Do you want to name how many you've rolled in the hay with?
More than one and less than five.
Did you actually roll in the hay with her?
She actually has a hay bale in her bedroom.
Why shouldn't their opinion, their Tweets be as valuable to the world as yours or mine?
I have no problem with that.
What do you feel about this album?
What's interesting about it in my life is I made some great albums in the '90s and -- which become sort of almost like a mill stone around my neck.
Your wife?
Yes.
When you hear those words, what do you think?
I got a little emotional.
How are you feeling now?
I feel fine.
I mean how have your mom and dad been?
You know, I think my mom and dad took the news far worse than I did.
Your sisters?
They're -- you know, they're very supportive.
What kind of things?
I guess the most prominent symptom was my legs went numb for two months, something like that.
Do you still have moments, though, when you look in the mirror any morning you think why me, why now?
Yes, it's usually at night when I'm injecting myself with a giant needle full of, you know, full of stuff that's supposed to, you know, keep me out a wheel chair.
What was the show?
I believe the title when I was involved was "Stars on Stripes."
And you would have been doing what?
It was a -- kind of a military-style show, action/adventure, things like that.
And the only reason was because they couldn't insure you or what was the reason?
It was -- well, I was never told.
Do you fear that others may follow suit?
To a degree.
And what kind of life can Jack now expect, given he's 26 years old?
Yes, Piers, thanks for having me.
Endless people telling you?
You know, I think my biggest -- you know, from what I've been researching is, you know, stem cell research.
Sanjay?
Yes -- yes.
Benjamin Crump, what is your reaction to all the tape material that's come out today?
Well, Piers, we're still trying to sort through it all.
So in terms of that significance to how much we should believe in what George Zimmerman says in totality, how important is that, do you think?
Well, I think that's the crux of the matter, Piers.
Has that person come forward, made any statements?
I don't know.
What is the purpose of putting this all out now?
Well, the judge said last week that the information was going to come out.
What would you say to that?
Well, the concern I have, Piers, is that I truly am not at liberty to do an analysis of the evidence.
How much of a problem is it that his credibility is now being damaged?
As we've discussed, his credibility was certainly affected by the fact that he stood mute when his wife said something that turned out to be a misrepresentation to the court about the funds.
The witness that George Zimmerman describes in the video today from the property directly adjoining where this incident finally took place, do you know if that witness has come forward and made a statement that corroborates what George is saying?
That witness has made a statement.
How would you describe his mood?
Well, multifaceted.
What was your reaction and your client's reaction to that bombshell, as it turned out to be?
Piers, I was just going to use the same term you used.
How do you feel the trial has gone in term of your client's interest and those of the other young people who came forward, who claimed they've been abused as children?
Well, I've been in the courtroom every day, from the opening statements until the end of the closing arguments and the jury charge.
Why are you so convinced, given the mountain of evidence to the contrary, that he is innocent of ever abusing a child?
Well, the Jerry Sandusky that I knew and have come to know over the past 28 years spent his life trying to help kids overcome their circumstances.
I mean, would you ever have naked showers with boys of 12, 13, 14?
I certainly wouldn't now.
Do you feel that he's going to be acquitted?
I really have no idea.
Did you ever see anything that you thought was a little odd?
I don't think there's anything wrong with those behaviors.
Did you know Matt Sandusky, his adopted son?
Yeah, I knew Matt fairly well.
So are you as shocked as everybody else that he now is making it clear that he was abused by Jerry Sandusky, or claims to have been?
I'm not all that shocked by a kid who at the beginning of the trial is for him, at the end of the trial is against him.
If Jerry Sandusky is as innocent as you think he is, why did this defense put up this strange claim that he suffered from this syndrome called Histrionic Personality Disorder?
Yes, I don't understand -- I don't claim to understand the rationale behind the attorney's actions.
Mr. Rominger, what is your reaction to the conviction?
Well, obviously, I'm a little am disappointed.
What was all that about?
Well, you know, you have to understand, Joe has worked tirelessly.
Is your intention not to appeal?
We will appeal.
Why was that?
Jerry did want to testify but we never made a commitment in the sense we were 100 percent positive.
What is your feeling about Sandusky?
My personal feeling about Jerry Sandusky is that this is the first time that he has ever been held accountable for what he has done.
Will they be pursuing civil action, either of your clients?
No, at this point, the facts are still developing.
What is your sense of what should happen next?
I'll tell you what should happen next.
Are they so blinded by the aura of bib sports in this country that they did not do anything?
Let me go to Sara Ganim, who is the Harrisburg "Patriot News" reporter who broke the story.
What do you make of that?
Well, it's not about what I think, Piers.
What do you think?
Well, I know that Jerry Sandusky's attorney got up on the podium behind and said that he is still innocent, that he intends to fight this on appeal.
What's your reaction to the culmination of this trial?
Well, I tend to think in terms of how victims and people who have been through this experience, how they're going to respond to it because I deal with that so much.
Is Sandusky a classic pedophile predator?
He is, you know, in the extent that -- it depends on how you interpret what he is saying.
What is your feeling seeing somebody like Sandusky be convicted, be brought to book?
You feel vindicated.
Having been through it, what kind of courage did it take for these victims to get on the stand, do you think?
It is the most unbelievable amount of courage you could ever imagine, you see what I go through right now.
And, Michael, what are your feelings toward a man like Sandusky?
Evil, just pure, pure evil.
Is he a classic sexual predator?
Oh, absolutely.
But what do you say to them to get over the experience they have had at the hands of this monster?
Truly is an experience that you can't necessarily get over, even reliving and the courage that they had to testify is retraumatization.
What do we do about that, do you think, looking forward, what do we do?
Well, I think this is an enormous opportunity for everyone has anything to do with children, whether its schools, whether its camps, any program that deals with children, to start educating the staff, the children, the parents.
Dr. Janet, very quickly, about a Dottie Sandusky, who did take the stand, unlike Jerry Sandusky, and defended her husband, sort of practicing the "see no, hear no, speak no evil" philosophy of defense, I did not see anything, I didn't hear anything, do you think that she lied or is she just in some denial about all of this?
Well, it is hard to say that she lied.
But what are you trying to achieve with the cable news genre, if anything?
I'm only trying to achieve one thing.
When you said it, did you believe it yourself?
It was interesting to do the speech, to work on the speech.
If you were running a news network, what would you do?
Well, first of all, let me just back up a little bit and say, I don't have to live in the real world.
I mean, just talking up from your character's speech at the start of the first episode, are Americans still the hardest-working people on earth?
Well, I have no idea.
You didn't write that speech?
No, I didn't.
Am I being too cynical here?
No, no, of course you're not.
But why do you like that solitude?
Well, I liked it then because of the drug use.
And did you, like the Beatles, do your best stuff on the drugs?
You know what, I don't -- the last thing I want to do is make drugs sound good to anybody.
Have you arrived at a good place in your life now do you think?
Yes, I..
The hard way maybe, but you have?
I'm the luckiest guy in the world.
And without wishing to be too intrusive here, according to the photographs I saw after the premiere, you are dating a beautiful woman from "Sex in the City," is this true?
Every so often -- I am a single man.
That's "The Newsroom," Sunday, on HBO, time?
10:00 p.m.
How are you?
Yes, since the last time I saw you, I thought you would never invite me back.
Chateau le Tour?
Yes, it's a Chateau le Tour.
Are they called the Fallonettes?
They are not.
How do you jump this rock star shot?
Thanks, god.
The new look?
The new look -- I'm just losing --
Are you not taken so seriously as a rock star?
I just have this compilation of all this music and maybe it is going in my ahead a little bit.
Bruce Springsteen, I mean incredibly, you got him to cover Willis Smith's hit, right?
"Whip My Hair."
-- The Boss?
The Boss.
No?
Yes.
Is he serious?
Yes.
And it's like, if you think about it, when would he -- when would he ever see Bruce dressed like he was 30 years ago?
Listen, it's a brilliant album.
How did you persuade him to do that?
It was one of these weird things.
It's just the joy of competition, you know?
Or did you deliberately lose to her to try and get the --
-- with the president?
No, because we did everything inside the White House.
ORGAN: Do you think you're enhancing the reputation of your nation and its great leader by doing a sack race the East Room, a potato race?
Well, the goal of this is to get children to get fit and workout and do --
And you had a private meeting with the president before this -- the slow jam?
Yes.
How does that go?
Well, the -- it's -- by protocol, they want you to meet the president alone, because you invited him, so you -- so I'm -- I have to be there in -- no -- no stage manager, no assistants, no Fallonettes, no one is allowed to --
-- who would it be?
-- why would I impersonate someone with three minutes left --
I want to show God my act?
Don't be so American literal about this.
Can you get more index cards laid out?
So this "Call Me Maybe," even my kids back in England, who wouldn't necessarily know who you are, now know you're the guy from the "Call Me Maybe" clip, because two million hits on YouTube.
Would you turn down the "Tonight Show" if you were offered it?
No, I wouldn't turn it down.
Is it -- is it the Holy Grail?
No.
Really?
ALLON: I don't think so.
Hasn't it always been the Holy Grail as a -- as a talk show host in America?
I think it's the story around it, but it's not.
What is the kind of interview that absolutely sends you demented?
It's -- they Google.
What do you think of America right now?
You're starting right off there.
How much has that guided your sense of people not being reliant on their parents?
That's a really good question.
Are you an Obama man at heart?
No, no.
What is the kind of leader that you're craving in an American president?
Moral compass.
What do you think?
I agree.
Do you want to name how many you've rolled in the hay with?
More than one and less than five.
Did you actually roll in the hay with her?
She actually has a hay bale in her bedroom.
Why shouldn't their opinion, their Tweets be as valuable to the world as yours or mine?
I have no problem with that.
What do you feel about this album?
What's interesting about it in my life is I made some great albums in the '90s and -- which become sort of almost like a mill stone around my neck.
You are a man of many talents, aren't you?
Yes, I am.
What is the -- what is the genuinely weirdest thing about you that nobody knows?
Wow, that's a good one.
Do you remember it?
Yes, it was about four years ago.
Where do you come in the pecking order of the kids?
We're not sure.
And what do they make of being related so closely to the Coco phenomenon?
They -- you know, I think it's -- my brother, Luke, looks a lot like me.
Have they ever regretted helping you get into show business?
I think no.
When you -- began in show business, was part of the allure of it being famous if you're honest, when you look back to that time?
I have to say -- and this is true of a lot of comedians and I've talked to other comedians and heard them say the same thing, and I defy anyone to deny this.
Just to get girls?
Just to get -- not even, I don't even -- to get them.
You know?
You moved to L.A. after Harvard.
Where was your agony?
Insecurity.
You still feel it?
Yes, I feel it today.
You said it was a car that -- Isuzu?
The Isuzu --
Sounds like a fool-proof plan, doesn't it?
Even as you're saying this --
Doesn't it?
I'm fearing the worse.
What is going through your mind?
I think, you know, I'm Irish so we're just -- we always think that the worst is 10 minutes away or five minutes away.
Which is it?
I don't think about -- I just try and think about what I would have liked and --
If you get hit by a softball?
Yes.
I mean, given all that had happened to you before, did you feel, this is it, I've got my 20 year plan now worked out for me?
Probably on some level, you think this is going to be fantastic.
So was that the greatest moment of your career, landing "the Tonight Show"?
Well, no, I don't think so.
What did your parents say to you when it ended?
They don't follow the news.
Do you feel more free, more liberated?
Yeah, definitely.
You have a lot of autonomy, don't you?
Yeah, you know, we -- we are partnered with Turner on this.
Which guest would I go for?
Or a moment or something where you really thought it defined you or was just, for whatever reason, particularly memorable.
In terms of guests, who are the ones that when you see they're coming back, your eyes light up because you think, OK, this is going to be great?
Tom Hanks is one of the great guests of all time.
What is the nightmare guest for you, generically?
I would say you're awful, dreadful.
Why do you keep having me back?
You always find your way in.
How comedically rich has this campaign been for you?
It's funny because our show doesn't focus on politics as some of the other shows that do it really brilliantly.
Are you pissed off you're not in the top three?
Enraged.
Well, which one?
Let's start with love.
How many times have you been properly in love in your life?
As you know, I'm married.
Is that the diplomatic answer?
I would say properly in love, yes, my wife Liza.
You've never had your heart broken before that?
It wasn't a woman.
When did you realize she was the one?
Instantly.
Was it instantly?
I'm just giving you the answers that are going to make it all OK for me.
What was it about her?
She -- well, to be crass, she's incredibly beautiful.
Are you a romantic man?
I'm going to say I have -- deep, deep down, under layers and layers of repression and ham, and layers of carbohydrates, there's a romantic guy down there, yes.
How would you like to be remembered?
That guy was well endowed.
You want to read it?
Sure.
What was this?
I loved it.
What are your feelings about what's been happening?
I think personally what Ann's probably going through is she is determined to show up for work every day, do the great job that she always has been.
Why hasn't it worked?
Well, I don't think you can lay the blame squarely on Ann's shoulders, although that certainly seems to be what's happening.
I mean would it have been fairer to say, as he has said, look, it may be my fault?
Well, if it's his fault, he's not losing his job so I don't think anybody would agree with him when he says that.
Is she the answer, do you think, to whatever problems the "Today" show may have?
Well, I think, you know, whatever problems, that's the trouble.
Do you believe that the video proves that he had injuries consistent with a life or death battle?
Well, that's truly going to be a decision to be made by the judge or by the jury when they look at this case because the whole issue is whether or not he had reasonable fear of great bodily injuries.
Do you accept that?
Well, I understand his position.
What has been happening to him behind the scenes?
I would have to be -- it would be pure conjecture on my part.
ORGAN: Do you feel instinctively, when you heard that it was a murder charge, did you feel that the real debate, or to be over a manslaughter charge, that whatever it was, it wasn't murder?
Well, when I -- I think I shared with you when I was the non-lawyer in this case before I was involved in it and heard about the facts leading up to it, and then heard about the charge of second degree, and having had a lot of second degree murder cases, I was curious to see where evidence of second degree would come from.
Do you expect George Zimmerman to be granted bond?
I believe under the law and the case law that he is entitled to a bond.
How are you?
I'm well.
And how cathartic, if it has been, was writing the book?
One of the reasons I chose to write the book was to help me with my personal recovery.
Would you think that's a fair assessment, that she just in the end was undone by those demons?
You know, she was troubled with -- with those demons for a long time.
Quite ironic, isn't it?
Well, you left a little bit out there.
What's the bit I left out?
Well, I can't say on air.
Has he ever contacted you, written to you, called you?
No.
But when you heard what happened to Whitney Houston, what went through your mind?
We were -- we were in L.A. for the Grammys.
Tell me this, from what you saw happen to your girl and from what happening to Whitney, Michael Jackson, to a certain degree, and so on, the pressures of being a hugely successful musical star in the modern era, do they bring a very particular stress, do you think?
It's difficult to say, Piers.
Why did you feel this was the time to do the book?
You know, really, the book came about from years of meeting people along my journey and really hearing from other people their stories of loss and difficulty, and finding that, you know, maybe my story could be helpful to others, so that was really what prompted me to write the book.
What kind of guy was he?
He was, you know, one of those people who just really stood out.
Why did he feel so strongly, do you think, that he had to do that?
I think after 9/11, like a lot of people, Pat really sort of took a step back and reprioritized what was important to him in his life.
What were you thinking?
It's a difficult thing for families, you know.
Did you try and persuade him not to, to start with?
No, I didn't try to persuade him not to.
What advice do you give so many other war widows, girlfriends, wives?
I think that's the difficult part, is there is no one answer for everyone.
How did that make you feel?
It just made me question everything that we had been told.
You must have felt angry, didn't you, that possibly you'd been deliberately lied to?
Certainly there was a mix of emotions, and anger being one of them, confusion, and just, you know, betrayal.
How high do you think it went, the deceit?
You know, I'm not sure.
When you read that, what went through your mind?
Well, when I originally read it, it was something that was very difficult because at that time I didn't want to live.
Do you think he would have instinctively second-guessed how you would feel in that scenario?
You know, I don't know if that's why he wrote it or if it was just something that he felt like he wanted to leave something comforting and -- and to be able to say, you know, this is what I wish for you if I don't return.
You say in the book that while Rumsfeld was testifying, you say every fiber in my body was crying B.S. Why did you feel that so strongly?
It was just a really difficult experience to be there and to sit in the back of the room and listen to all of this play out.
Eight years later, do you feel any closer to knowing exactly what happened or not?
You know, it's been actually quite a while since I've seen a lot of that and really sort of relived it.
How hard was it to make that move?
It was a long journey.
Could this now galvanize the Republican base vote to come out and cause you bigger problems than the success is worth enjoying in the short term?
Well, let me say first, Piers, something that may cause you and maybe some of your more cynical viewers to roll their eyes.
What do you guys say to this charge now that really this is just what it is, it's just a new tax?
Well, two things I would say.
But how do you explain to the public that the president didn't agree with it but now he's saluting it as a great triumph, given that you're trying to attack Mitt Romney for bringing a version of it in your state which apparently has done a lot of good?
Well, the thing that the president didn't agree with is the same thing that I was skeptical of when I was running for governor back in 2005 and 2006.
So I guess you're foaming at the mouth with blind rage, are you?
Well, how about feeling very, very sad about what this means for our country but frankly very excited that the battle is joined and it will be a battle between now and November and the stakes are very clear.
What is wrong with that in principle?
Well --
How awkward is it for you that the guy that won the Republican race and now has to take on Barack Obama, what you sense is a vulnerable area, is the guy that basically inspired the whole plan to start with?
Well, here's what I know.
Shouldn't Mitt Romney just come out and say, you know what, this is basically what I brought in to Massachusetts, and it kind of worked, I salute you, Mr. President?
Well, I think -- I think what you're seeing is it hasn't worked in Massachusetts.
If it was such a catastrophic disaster in Massachusetts, Romneycare, why should we elect him as the president of the United States if he on this fundamental point got it all so horribly wrong?
Well, I would just say this.
Do you think this is exactly the kind of issue that will galvanize and back into the action?
I don't -- I don't think there's any question.
Patrick, how do you think your father would have felt today?
Well, I think he would have been thrilled that not just members of Congress have guaranteed health care anymore but that all the constituents that elected them now have access to health care that members of Congress are fully happy to have.
Were you shocked that Justice Roberts, Chief Justice Roberts, was the deciding vote today?
I was shocked that he was just the deciding vote.
You must have been pretty shocked today, weren't you, by what happened?
I was -- I was surprised.
How do you think this is all going to play out now?
Well, on the bottom line, people felt that the statute was in trouble because the oral argument seemed to go badly for the Obama administration.
Jonathan Turley, as a professor of law on the panel tonight, from a legal perspective purely, do you think the Supreme Court acted correctly?
Well, I have mixed feelings about it quite frankly.
I mean is it -- is what we've seen today, led by Chief Justice Roberts, is it a form of judicial activism do you think?
It is a form of judicial activism.
What is your opinion of who's the real winner and who's the lose today?
Well, I think in situations like this, you probably don't want to get too cute and counterintuitive.
Or is what happened today one of the reasons that so many people voted for Barack Obama in the first place?
Absolutely.
What was rocking your boat there?
Well, Piers, you mentioned President Obama's promises when he ran for office in the first place.
Ryan Lizza, what do you think of that?
There's a lot of facts in there.
It's not a very credible position, is it?
I think Mitt Romney at this point has a chair in every corner of the room.
Are you sorry for what you did to her?
I am sorry.
If she were still alive, would you say to her, I'm sorry?
Absolutely.
Pretty extraordinary, wasn't it?
Yeah, it was.
They were both narcissists?
I would say so very much.
Whose idea was it not to use birth control?
We are both adults.
Why?
We were in love.
What were you both thinking?
We weren't.
Would you agree with that?
Absolutely agree.
How do you think your public perception is right now?
Destroyer, villain, evil, basher, all of that.
What was the greatest part?
I've been to so many.
How are you?
Welcome.
You don't really take prisoners, do you?
No.
Is there a theme that you see in your life?
I never thought of that.
She's in her 90s, right?
That's right.
And she's been like most mothers -- she's been your biggest fan and critic over the years?
She thinks so.
The good stuff?
Yes.
Which of all the actors you've worked with has been the best?
Kevin Costner is as different from Anthony Hopkins as night to day, but they are both extraordinary to work with.
Charlie Sheen?
Charlie Sheen was a young man when I worked with him on two films.
But what did you feel, looking at this guy, who you'd worked so closely with before?
I lost track of Charlie in the mid-'80s, late '80s.
In the old days, in the old days, you know?
I mean, taking --
All of you at your peak, who would be the greatest guest, you'd have to a party?
Robert Downey was pretty wild.
What is the simplistic answer, do you think, to the global drugs problem?
It's not going to go away.
And it hasn't worked, has it?
And the U.S. -- and the Mexican economy would die without it because they need the money, it goes into their legitimate economy.
-- what do you do?
If you killed the -- if you declared -- if there were no war on drugs, the Mexican economy would have to -- would be radically -- would dry up.
Do you ever wish you hadn't done that particular scene, the greed is good scene?
No.
-- took it at face value, didn't they?
Couldn't believe it.
Are they effective?
Some are, yes.
When you see your country, $16 trillion in debt and everyone's squabbling over what most people say, is an insubstantial solution, what do you think?
Oh!
And do you think it would help if more policy makers in America had experienced war?
I do.
What was it you learned about yourself, when you were in Vietnam?
Well, first of all I learned to survive.
I think your theme about war, generally, throughout all of your movies, is incredibly important, actually?
Yes.
What do you think?
I'm not going to give away ending but -- because that's a spoiler --
What do you think?
I think it's hard.
You've tried it lately, Piers?
No.
How do you know?
Just from what you said about her!
You know?
She comes from a totally different world.
If you were describing yourself to somebody, who had never heard anything about you, what would be the honest description?
I'm equally astonished and disappointed by myself.
Why astonished?
Put it this way, I think this life is a mystery and it's also a hunt for the truth, a hunt for what works for you and you express yourself as you go, sometimes badly, sometimes well.
Why disappointed?
In the same way because, gosh!
I would say -- I mean, yes, I mean, if it's -- you can jazz up it a bit, can't you?
No!
That's simple descriptive word, filmmaker, would be enough for you?
Dramatist, if you want or, you know, but that sums it up.
Nothing personal?
He was a good citizen, I hope!
How are you, sir?
This teddy bear.
How do you break their little hearts and say they can't go?
I told them that the bear has a potty mouth.
What's her name?
White trash name.
Wait, was it any one of those names with a "Lynn" after it?
Yes.
You just came in and went -- is that true?
Yes.
Did you get it right every time?
Yes.
OK, how?
A lot of practice.
Any names?
Yeah, plenty.
Who are the ones you look at and go, that's where I want to be?
Russell Crowe is extremely prepared.
Do you like that versatility?
Absolutely.
Can you do that accent?
Of course.
Would you be the mentor?
Yes, unfortunately, yes.
When you look back over this amazing career you've had, with all the twists and turns, if I had the power to let you relive one moment again, what would you choose?
I would probably choose not quitting school because that's when everything started to go downhill.
What did she say about you doing it?
She's very proud me.
What have you found you're good at and not so good at?
I'm very good at math.
Counting money, isn't it?
Yes.
Your mother must find it extraordinary, what's happened to you, doesn't she?
Yes.
Are these friends of yours?
Yeah, we're friendly.
Was there a moment, a cathartic moment, where you just woke up and went, I'm done with that?
Certainly.
Did you have a red devil on your shoulder that whispers in your ear occasionally?
No.
No temptation to suddenly go crazy again?
No.
That gives you enough?
Yeah.
Is it because you know where you came from?
Of course.
Where are you sitting?
I'm going to go down and pull the lever, you know.
Were you there?
No, I was not.
Not invited?
No, I was.
You even turned down dinner with the president and George Clooney?
You know, you can cut a check and go.
It was such a great role, wasn't it?
I was nervous about it.
When you are in the Jacuzzi, semi-naked with Burt Reynolds, fun or awkward?
A bit awkward.
Is he a good guy?
He's a great guy, yeah.
ORGAN: Sorry, give it to me again?
One sixty five to 205, 45.
It comes out the weekend, right?
Yes.
Let me start by asking you why are you so implacably opposed to universal health care for all?
Well, of course, we want health care for everyone.
Why has he flown against all conservative thinking if that's what it is?
Well, absolutely no one can fathom why he came up with the decision that he did.
Do you have car insurance?
Yes, I do.
Who told you to?
I have car insurance because I have an investment in my car and I want to make sure that I can hold on to that investment.
What is the difference between Americans being forced by law to have insurance to drive a car and being forced by law to have insurance for their health?
Well, I said it in the beginning of my remarks.
You can call me bemused of the British isles, Michele Bachmann, but what is the difference?
Well, again, the compare and contrast couldn't be more stark between Barack Obama and Mitt Romney because when voters go into the polls this November, they can vote for Barack Obama who will keep government health care, which is government control over our lives in health care and what is called a taxmageddon that is coming upon us.
What is the ideological difference between that and what Barack Obama has done?
Well, that's simple.
ORGAN: See, I'm even more bemused now because unless I'm going completely mad, he's basically saying that what he did in Massachusetts could be done just as effectively on a national level, isn't he?
No, that isn't what he said at all.
Is this a tax or is it a penalty?
Well, it's very clear from the legislation it was not called a tax.
Is it a tax or as Mitt Romney says a penalty?
Well, I've already answered that question.
Do you think?
I think that American people are seeing the very clear contrast between Barack Obama's failed policies and Mitt Romney's expertise and know-how.
Do you agree with that?
I don't agree with it at all because if you look at Mitt Romney's history, very smart guy with a very optimistic savvy message and people know that they can trust him on dealing with the economy.
What would you say to him?
Well, one thing I know about Mitt Romney he's made excellent decisions in the past when it comes to running organizations.
Are you being vetted at the moment?
Well, that's something for the campaign to answer on.
What do you say?
I'd say, Piers, that there's a reason that a vast majority of Americans still oppose Obamacare.
What is the point to this?
And going back to the point about -- and going back to the point -- well, the point is if you don't like what I'm saying and if you don't like the fact that you're making up facts, then just hear me out.
What facts did I make up exactly?
It's not the -- it's not the --
What fact did I make up exactly?
It's not that -- don't be so catty.
Commerce?
As I was saying, it's not the largest tax increase in the history of the United States, as you and your cohorts like to say.
No one disputes that, right?
Some people do dispute that but I've also seen the statistics that there'll be 813 billion plus in new taxes and some would say that's the largest tax increase.
Let me ask you a quick question?
Yes.
Kellyanne, do you have car insurance?
I do.
What was it to you?
Well, to me it was, you know, Los Angeles sort of represented a sort of tarnished elegance back when we were working on this record and these songs back in 1976.
When you look at modern American and the way America has developed since the song, what do you think of what's going on now in terms in terms of happy people taken excess too far, do you think?
Well, you know, what -- what I looked at now, you know, I grew up in Detroit, Michigan.
Is there a simple answer now?
Well, you know, when Barack Obama got elected, some friends of mine and I, we looked at each other and we said now we're going to find out how broke it really is.
Do you think there's merit to that?
Yes.
Isn't it?
It's been very good to me.
Isn't that incredible?
It's pretty something.
Could you just retire and lived off the proceeds of Hotel California, the single?
I'd have had to be frugal, but.
How has it exchanged?
Well, back in the '70s, when you put a record out it was a pretty simple formula.
What is the song, of all the songs that you've ever been involved with, what is the one, if I said, write, Glenn, you've got five minutes to live, you can play one song to be remembered by, the defining song?
Well, you know I have my favorite records.
What's your number one?
I loved one of these nights.
And who of all the acts out there now, who's the one that excites you, the modern crowd?
Well, you know, I love Adele.
Were you tempted to continue down that path and maybe not come into entertainment?
Well, initially I was -- when I was 15 I thought I was going to go to law school and I thought that I was going to have a career at politics, most likely, I assume, behind the scenes as a staffer but then my brother, for some reason, decided that he wanted in with show business.
How real is that, do you think?
It's hard to answer.
What do you think of the current political malaise as many people see it with Washington and almost constant deadlock battle which doesn't achieve anything for the country?
Well, I think we have to start to enter a phase of compromise and reconciliation because with single-digit approval ratings with the House and the Senate and all this stuff that's been going on Wall Street for the last -- you know -- you know beyond -- far beyond 10 years but now they get caught up with their hand in the cookie jar, I think things have to change.
Are you an Obama supporter?
Most definitely I am.
And you know, I put it to her that in terms of ideology of the argument here, what is the difference really for most Americans between being made to have car insurance and being made to have health insurance?
You know, my opinion on that is, I don't think that they should be forced to have health insurance but if they don't and they are penalized for that, I have no problem with it.
Would you?
No.
What has gone wrong with the American business model?
I don't know if I'm -- you know, I'm certainly not an authority and I don't know if I can answer that question responsibly but I -- the economy has shifted.
What do you think?
I think we have to be careful because there was a time where, you know, Paris and France were at the forefront of everything culturally and politically and then it was replaced by London and England and that was replaced by New York in America and we better watch out or it's going to be Beijing and China and we may look back 50 years from now and say in 2012 it already was Beijing and China.
Very simply, what is this about?
Well, it's about a gentleman who was growing up in Tehran in the '70s, came to America to be educated, went home, and throughout his education and saw openness, modernization, westernization, democracy, art, culture, freedom, popping up everywhere, glass, shiny, brand new glass buildings, universities all over the place.
What has been the reaction from Iran to this book?
There's two phases to it.
Does that concern you?
It concerns me in one sense.
What is your thoughts?
You know, it's so dense.
And what was it like?
Well, I was at the Super Bowl with my brother and after the game was over, he was at dinner, and he was looking at an e-mail and he started laughing and he showed it to me, and it's from Tina saying, is it OK for me to make an offer to your brother, actually he's my first choice.
A good day?
It was a -- it was a terrific weekend.
And, you know, I am excited to see, you know, what half the stakes come down together, you know?
Well, I interviewed him.
Is that what you think?
Well, we'll see.
This relationship Alec has with the paparazzi, which seems to be deteriorating by the -- by the day, what is really that all about, do you think?
You know, I'm not sure.
What do you think people don't get?
It's hard for me to answer because I think it's all out there.
Did he make a speech in his wedding?
I -- he did not.
Any of the brothers (INAUDIBLE)?
I did.
Because you're all like the celebrity version of the Kennedys, really, aren't you?
You know, it's funny.
He did?
The Kennedys acknowledged that like you're the entertainment version of the --
Are they funny to be around?
Hysterical.
Your thoughts?
I accept.
Or given the way modern celebrity is, with all of the weird new pressures that come with it, would you prefer them to go off and be, you know, a doctor or something like that?
You know, I -- I would probably avoid -- I would probably prefer that they not go into the business, but I certainly would not be disappointed if they were.
What's the worst thing that anyone can say to you?
Calling me Adam Baldwin.
Is it?
I've got to tell you, I'm not a climatologist.
What is another explanation?
Well, there are folks who are going to be on the side of that we run in cycles on this planet, and because we've only been studying weather for a couple hundred years at best, and then, you know, the -- coming up with the satellite in the '60s would probably be reliable weather records.
What is that?
Well, there's another good point there, that now we're adding super to just about everything that we have known in weather terminology.
What is the most practical, sensible advice for those people who are genuinely concerned now about the heat?
Let me first say that yes, a lot of folks would be looking forward to a great summer if it were really in summer, and it wouldn't be that unusual.
What were her feelings?
Well, she was pleased with the interview and pleased that you appeared to be objective.
How do you think she will now develop her case to win over public opinion?
Well, I hope that time will do its magic in healing this wound like it does many others.
Can you confirm or deny whether that's that?
I can neither confirm nor deny.
I mean, why would you not feel comfortable in confirming or denying it?
Because I don't the answer.
What has been her reaction?
Well, first, I have not read any of it.
In relation to the specific claim that Casey herself has read these extracts, is that true and what has her reaction been to the Jose Baez book?
Well, I can only tell you that as of last night when I spoke with her, she had not seen or had any opportunity to read anything from any book.
And if so, why would you have had issues about her competency?
It's an account.
Are you primed and ready for the kill?
I am feeling good.
Is that what it feels like?
It is.
How many times have you relived that 0.17 of a second?
I feel like every day since then.
What are you not allowed to do?
Well, you know, you have to cut down on all your social activities.
Are you allowed even in your height of training, are you allowed to have binge eating days?
Yes, you are.
And is it true there's like this group wide sex ban on the entire American team before the Olympics?
I didn't -- I didn't know about that.
Is it what?
Literally, none of you are allowed to do anything like that.
What are you thinking of?
Well, I'm praying for God.
How are you going to be feeling?
Mixed emotions.
Because when you're on the podium, and you won the gold for the relay, are you still thinking this is great, but it's not the same?
ELIX: It's not the same.
Personally and professionally?
Well, personally, my family.
Isn't she the one with the phenomenal nails?
She has nails in her family.
Aren't you?
Thank you.
You think about the commercial benefit to winning the gold?
Well, definitely.
ORGAN: Got a man in your life?
I do, I have a man.
What does he do?
He's done a little running in his time but he's kind of transitioning out of it and just getting ready for the next phase of his life.
Wedding bells?
My mind doesn't function so after the --
Are you allowed to even be thinking about this?
I can't even -- I don't know.
Are you more or less likely to marry him if you win gold?
Well, I'm going to be in such a good mood.
You would do anything, wouldn't you?
Probably would.
When you think of her story what do you think of it?
It's disappointing, especially for me because when I got into traffic and field, she was everywhere.
Do you have any sympathy for her?
It's very hard for me to have sympathy, I don't know.
Do you have suspicions about some of your rivals?
ELIX: Well, of course.
Like what?
Like your body changing.
When you line up for the 200-meter final, how many people in that race could be cheats?
Wow, that's a tough question.
How does that make you feel?
It's hard.
How does that work with a dog?
She's very smart, but I mean -- I will tell you.
It's going to be a huge moment for you, isn't it?
It is, yes.
How do you feel about being an American flying the flag for America at such a prestigious event?
So proud.
Maybe it's time to stand up, beat your chest and show the Chinese who's real boss?
Definitely.
If you win, what's the plan after that once you've achieved your great aim?
Oh, my gosh, I have no plan.
Is that the way to really tackle this?
I think it's tough because situations like Marion, you know, she never failed a drug test.
That would -- that would root it out, wouldn't it?
Well, you'd have to be a very rich man.
I mean do you have to have that streak of self-confidence?
I think it's part of it.
Which one are you going to take?
I'm taking the gold.
Is that true?
I guess, yes.
Is that how you see yourself?
I see myself as a normal 19-year-old kid.
Who just happens to be a gold medal contending power ball?
Yes, I guess.
What was it like?
Growing up in the Bronx, especially as a gymnast, not easy.
It wasn't masculine enough for them?
No.
Why gymnastics?
I love -- I took gymnastics because it's one of the most challenging sports in the world and that's what I love about it.
What are the good parts of you that you think come from being a Bronx guy?
I mean, well, look at my parents.
Did you get into fights as a kid in the Bronx?
I --
Did everybody have to fight if you're a young man growing up in the Bronx?
No, no, no.
Knives as well?
Yes.
Was he stabbed?
No, thanks god.
What did it teach you, the incident?
That life is unpredictable and you can't let -- you can't hold on to that.
What does it take to be as good as you are at what you do?
I would say it takes a lot of willpower and a lot of sacrifice and a lot of self-motivation.
What are you, 19?
Nineteen.
This is not a world that you're allowed to do, right?
It's not.
If you perform at your absolute best, what can you achieve in London?
I think if I do my absolute best, I think I might have a chance at being on the medal stand, top three in all-around.
If you win a gold, how is that going to make you feel, a boy from the Bronx winning an Olympic gold medal, standing on that podium, the American National Anthem playing?
That would be a dream come true.
It would be an emotional moment for you, huh?
Definitely an emotional moment for me and my family.
Really, I am?
That's what I'm hearing.
Are you ready for screaming women chasing you down the street?
Oh, yeah.
-- shoot up in your face as you stand there?
No, never.
A tiny little bit of told you?
No.
Come on, it will be a little bit, won't it?
No, I don't think so.
I don't mean vengeful, but more like vindication?
Maybe a little bit.
Being an American?
Yes.
It's like, whoa, Coach K. Why are you such a big deal?
Well, you must have a lot of Polish people on your staff.
What does it mean to you to have that reputation?
Well, I've been lucky to be at place where their brand helped me right away.
And what are you going to do to stop it from happening in London, when the whole world assumes you're going to win gold quite easily?
Well, the very first thing is you don't go with assumptions.
How do you get it to gel and to work, where they have to share that status?
Well, the very first thing is you're honest with them.
Is the American dream still as attainable as it was when you were young?
You know, I don't think it is.
But if they are driven out of an education system that doesn't nurture them, then how can we blame them?
Intellect does not know race, color, nationality, gender.
What are the values you like to instill in them, human values?
The main thing is to be truthful, where you're honest with one another.
What does it take to be a champion sportsman, not just a winner or a good sportsman, or even necessarily a great sportsman, but a champion over a long period of time?
Well, incredible commitment.
The first game?
In London, looking around Kobe Bryant, Lebron James, Chris Paul, whoever you choose as your starters.
What do you say to guys like that in that moment?
You keep it simple.
When you see somebody like him, as a sportsman yourself, is the resounding lesson to just know when to stop?
I think we don't know when to stop.
If you get badly beaten by a young whipper snapper, how are you going to feel?
I'm going to feel OK.
Was it emotional?
Oh, very.
Am I allowed to call you Todd?
You should -- you're definitely allowed to call me Todd.
When you heard what has happened, what was your reaction?
Well, you know, my first reaction was -- it was horrifying, you know.
Did you know Whitney well?
Yes, I knew Whitney.
What gave you that idea to do that?
You know, I -- I was thinking about it and it was the only way that I felt -- I would feel comfortable proceeding with the show and celebrating all of these other musicians, because it was about trying to find that fine balance between celebrating her legacy, giving love to this wonderful, amazing entertainer, and, at the same time, respecting all of these young artists and all of these established artists who were either nominated for Grammys or performing on the show and not putting them in the position where they have to perform at a memorial.
Do you understand the particular pressure, as a former -- that led her to enter that spiral of self-abuse towards the end?
Of course I do.
Was music always your first love?
Well -- well, yes, you drift away.
What is it to you?
Whatever goal I'm going -- I want to achieve, achieving it
Oh, God, I don't even want to think about that, right?
I'm not saying it's going to happen imminently.
But, you know, things -- all being relative and everything being even, it's what you don't do that you'll ultimately regret, you know?
Well, you're doing a hell of a lot.
My Connect Studio is available now?
Yes.
When is the new album out?
You know what, I'm working on it.
Is she here?
Yes.
Ann Marie, what did you do?
Well you said to keep him busy.
Do you get sick of the degrees of separation?
Yes.
Did you know she was the one?
Yes.
Do you remember the first time you met him?
Oh, yes, absolutely.
Is it luck and just finding the right person?
Absolutely.
I mean, do you have a certain way that you are with each other that just works?
You know, I think we did just get lucky, but I also think that we have the same priorities and I think that helps a lot because we know that our relationship has to be sort of the primary relationship and the primary purpose of our lives in a way, even though we have so many other parts of our lives that are important.
What was it like?
It was -- it was scary.
How old are they now?
They are -- my son is about to turn 23 and my daughter is 20.
Do they find it hard being the products of two famous acting stars?
I don't think they know any better.
It slightly blurs the line, doesn't it?
Yes.
Will you dance with me?
Yes.
How do you stay so ridiculously youthful?
I drink a lot of water.
How do you get to look like this?
Not ten hours a day, but I do like to exercise.
It is quite weird, actually, isn't it?
No, I don't think it is weird.
Is that the secret?
No, I think I could have better bone structure.
Is that still a topic of interest?
Yes, make this quick and brutal.
Can you say that?
So a gun with one bullet, walking down the street, you wouldn't --
Are you an Obama fan generally?
I love Obama.
Are you one of these people that I'm going to go and vote?
Absolutely.
You feel strongly?
Absolutely, 100 percent.
Are you worried that the Republicans will get in?
Always.
What do you think of Mitt Romney?
I need to learn more about him, I think.
What is your gut feeling?
You know, I will be voting for Obama.
You're very diplomatic, aren't you?
I try to be.
Do you like Twitter?
I'm not as good at it -- I'm not as diligent about it as I should be.
Or is it -- for any artist, is it sort of vaguely terrifying as well?
It is vaguely terrifying, absolutely.
Isn't that amazing?
Yes.
How do you feel about this being the end?
Well, it has been the end since December.
Was it emotional?
EDGWICK: Oh, very.
What are you doing now with all your free time?
Yeah, well, I'm seeing a lot of plays.
What has been the best moment of your career, the moment if I could replay it for you right now, you would choose?
I think the best -- one of the best moments of my career was working with Paul Newman in "Mr. and Mrs. Bridge."
What was his advice about kids?
His advice about kids was -- I remember he looked at me -- I had -- Travis was two months old when I did "Mr. and Mrs. Bridge."
Do you have a big ambition, a particular project or something that you would really love to do?
My big ambition is to work in film with great directors.
Who is the number one?
Alexander Pain.
Why him?
I think every movie he makes is so other, so brilliant and so spontaneous, and so real and so -- and the characters.
Have you had any conversations?
We've -- I've met him several times and auditioned for him several times.
He's rejected you?
Yes, a few times, yes.
What was he thinking?
I don't know.
Is that the dream ticket?
Kind of.
Can you imagine that?
Yes, that would be amazing.
What if you both won Oscars on the same year?
I always say to Kev, where is my "Dead Man Walking."
Will you please, please marry me?
Yes.
But what are you trying to achieve with the cable news genre, if anything?
I -- I'm only trying to achieve one thing.
When you said it, did you believe it yourself?
It was interesting to do the speech, to work on the speech.
If it's -- now you've had your toes dipped in our waters for a while, if you were running a news network, what would you do?
Well, first, let me just backup a little bit and say I don't have to live in the real world.
Are Americans still the hardest working people on earth?
Well, I have no idea.
You didn't write the speech though?
No, I didn't.
But I mean for a president to be standing there today deliberately pandering like that to the Latino community at a Latino conference?
Right.
Am I being too cynical here?
No, no, of course you're not.
But what -- why do you like that solitude?
Well, I liked it then because of the drug use.
Have you arrived at a good place in your life now, do you think?
Yes.
The hard way, maybe, but you have?
I'm the luckiest guy in the world.
Is this true?
Every so often, I'm a single man.
How much money?
A million dollars a year.
You get back $1 million a year?
Yes.
You paid $1 million to be able to fire me anytime you want?
Three million dollars.
A great role, isn't it?
Yes.
What's Emily Mortimer like to work with?
She's a dream.
Well, they've clearly had a fling before, right?
Yes.
-- mad as hell?
-- base it on Keith Olbermann, I missed.
To which the answer was?
No.
Yes, you know?
I actually think he's the new Spencer Tracy.
What is the art of great acting, other than listening?
Listening is a bit part of it.
And, Jeff, when you look around now in the firmament of great actors, who, for you, stands out, male or female, right now as pound for pound a great actor?
You know, Meryl.
What have you heard?
That Jim Carey buggered off.
Starting to do well?
Yeah, starting to creep back to where it was before.
Time?
10:00 p.m.
Am I allowed to call you Todd?
You should -- you're definitely allowed to call me Todd.
When you heard what has happened, what was your reaction?
Well, you know, my first reaction was -- it was horrifying, you know.
Did you know Whitney well?
Yes, I knew Whitney.
What gave you that idea to do that?
You know, I -- I was thinking about it and it was the only way that I felt -- I would feel comfortable proceeding with the show and celebrating all of these other musicians, because it was about trying to find that fine balance between celebrating her legacy, giving love to this wonderful, amazing entertainer, and, at the same time, respecting all of these young artists and all of these established artists who were either nominated for Grammys or performing on the show and not putting them in the position where they have to perform at a memorial.
Do you understand the particular pressure, as a former -- that led her to enter that spiral of self-abuse towards the end?
Of course I do.
Was music always your first love?
Well -- well, yes, you drift away.
What is it to you?
Whatever goal I'm going -- I want to achieve, achieving it
Oh, God, I don't even want to think about that, right?
I'm not saying it's going to happen imminently.
But, you know, things -- all being relative and everything being even, it's what you don't do that you'll ultimately regret, you know?
Well, you're doing a hell of a lot.
My Connect Studio is available now?
Yes.
When is the new album out?
You know what, I'm working on it.
Will you please, please marry me?
Yes.
What is wrong with that in principle?
Well, two things, Piers.
Those who got more, help out a little bit more?
Well, even the president himself.
Because if it was the other way around and it was Barack Obama who had all these secret accounts in Switzerland, the Cayman Islands and so on, you guys would be banging for blood to get this information out there, wouldn't you?
Well, Piers, as to Mitt Romney, he has released his tax returns and for multiple years.
That kind of flip-flopping doesn't help, does it?
Well, to be fair, when Governor Romney first addressed it himself, he said, obviously, it's a tax.
Are you going to give me the normal pat, "I have absolutely no interest in that" answer, or is there something else you can tell me?
Well, this election isn't going to be decided by the vice presidency, whether it's Joe Biden or whoever Mitt Romney ends up selecting.
Are you being vetted at the moment?
Well, we don't talk about the process, Piers, in terms of timing or the nature of the process.
What do you make of what Tim Pawlenty just said?
Well, I find it so interesting.
Isn't that what a sort of modern smart democracy does?
Well, if you read the Americans for Tax Reform pledge there are carve-outs for things like national security in times of war.
Without being too personal about your finances, Kelly, I mean do you -- do you earn more than $250,000 a year?
My household does and my business certainly does.
$250,000 is a lot of money, isn't it?
It is.
What do you have to say?
To your point about how many people make $250,000 a year, it's less -- 98 percent of people in the United States make less than that.
Put it into context for anyone who hears the word and has no real idea what it means?
Yes, well, scientology was started by L. Ron Hubbard.
But if you assume that that was becoming a problem in the relationship, how easy is it to leave a scientology relationship like this?
Well, Piers, ever since I left the Moonies in 1976, I've been actually talking with people involved in scientologist, coming out of scientology.
What was the experience like for you?
Well, I must say something -- scientology may be working now as a religion.
Let me -- do people wildly exaggerate the scientologists?
It depends on your experience.
You want answers?
I think I'm entitled.
How are you?
Good.
How are you doing, Piers?
Good.
What's he really like?
Well, just as a professional actor, you couldn't have anybody who was more dedicated, more passionate about his work.
What's been the secret to your successful marriage would you say?
Well, you know, a number of years ago, my mother and father celebrated their 60th wedding anniversary.
What is your overview of where the election battle currently stands?
Well, I think it's interesting to point out that here we are in the midst of the worst economy since the Great Depression and, you know, the conventional wisdom is no president has ever won re- election when the unemployment rate is above 7.5 percent, and here we are at 8.1, 8.2 percent.
If he gets re-elected, where would you like to see him really put his foot on the pedal?
EINER: First of all, you used the word ridiculously, which is exactly right.
Tell me very quickly, Rob, why should we go and watch this film, other than the fact it has the brilliant Morgan Freeman in it?
That's a pretty good reason.
What do you make of that statement, as a man who's campaigned for Obama?
Well, I don't know quite what to make of it, except for the fact I think if you're going to measure on the scale of the fact that he had a white mother or that there's a mixed race of it, then I don't think we'll probably ever have any black presidents.
What made her so special?
She had the most keen ability to observe this awkward dance that men and women do with each other.
How you doing, Piers?
Your client is out.
It's a sort of -- it's a very weird thing to be doing, isn't it?
It is.
How do you know that's not happening?
My true opinion is that I've reviewed thousands of the supporters' comment that have come to us.
What is the time scale now, Mark, in terms of how you see the legal process moving forward in the next few months?
I still think we have about six months of discovery to go.
If he isn't, what is he doing about protecting himself in terms of security or whatever else he may be having?
Unfortunately, he's not entitled to any state provided security.
Does that mean I'm lying to you?
I don't know.
What do you think?
Well, I'll tell you.
Robert, how are you?
Well, I'm not nearly as interesting as you just described.
Do I look like that?
You do.
And I've been roaming around the country and doing -- what the hell have I been doing?
I don't know.
Communicate with them through Facebook and stuff, right?
I had a Facebook.
Did I really live this thing?
How much of it -- I mean you've ridden this extraordinary book.
Well, because she was the woman that was doing these at the time, right?
I -- OK, I'll get serious for just a minute.
What do you think?
Well, I'll tell you.
How much do you blame your parents?
I don't blame anybody.
Did they ever tell you that they loved you, your parents?
LAKE: Never.
But although you don't necessarily blame them because of your belief in God, how much do you think did it damage your character, damage your personality, make you a damaged person?
Oh, I think that if I came from a different family, I would have been a very different person.
Are you capable of love?
Absolutely.
How could you not love a God that kept you in the womb when you were supposed to be dead out of the womb?
Let's -- let's take a short break, Robert.
Could I just say one word about this?
Yes.
Now what would you like to hear?
What your relationship was like with her before she died.
Did you love her, though?
No.
Did you know everything about her?
Nobody ever knows -- everything and I -- particularly a person like Bonnie.
Was she a con artist?
I think she was a con artist, yes.
Rewind?
Do you believe that --
Does that mean I'm lying to you?
I don't know.
What did you think?
I don't know.
I'm saying I've met you for, what, 20 minutes?
I don't care about that.
Why are you being so defensive?
Because you just insulted me.
What the hell is the difference?
I said I'm going to ask you --
Did you hear what I said?
-- well documented -- I heard what you said.
You mean physically faithful?
Yes.
Do you represent some of those people?
I don't represent anybody.
Do you know why I was arrested?
ORGAN: Tell me.
You got any idea why, why I was under arrest for four years and he was under arrest for an hour, Mr. Research?
No, I don't.
Why were you found liable?
I told you why.
Why?
I would have been -- I -- if you were -- if you were the lawyer on that side, I took the stand.
Do you remember the night that she died well, or is it now something you've blocked out of your head?
No, I remember it quite well.
Where are you going?
I'm interested in what happened.
What the hell are you doing?
Let me help you.
Now you want to know what happened that night?
-- on your story.
What?
I'm curious about --
Am I right so far?
So far.
So I'm factually correct?
Yes.
No, but your questions are boring, because I mean even what you just said, are you sure the people at Tibet give a (EXPLETIVE DELETED) about any of this?
I think you're here because you've written a book about your life.
Than the murder of your wife?
I didn't murder my wife.
Why?
Because it's stupid.
What the (EXPLETIVE DELETED) is the matter with you?
I didn't say you killed her.
Why don't you ask me some really interesting questions?
I said that you were acquitted in the court case but you were then --
You are curious about why I was found liable?
I'm curious about how you deal with the fact that a civil action was successfully brought against you for killing your wife.
Is it?
Yes, it is.
What have I said to you that's factually inaccurate?
It's not so much factually inaccurate.
Hasn't it ruined your life?
What -- that's another matter, Charlie.
Does it -- is that boring, the fact that this incident ruined your life?
We're not talking about how my life was ruined.
Don't you feel at all silly?
I've said nothing about you.
With all that you've been able to find out since that night, who do you think killed Bonnie?
It's not what I've been able to find out since that night.
What?
You can't go through your life feeling like this, surely.
Which of your Hollywood friends stood by you?
I don't have any Hollywood friends.
No one at all?
No.
How do you feel about that?
I'm grateful to God that I lived long enough to find out that 98 percent of my personal life was (EXPLETIVE DELETED).
Where do you live now?
I live in an apartment, I told you.
Do you have any women in your life?
Well, like I told you, I've been on the (EXPLETIVE DELETED) for quite a long time now.
What?
Which was the relationship with an audience and acting.
What the (EXPLETIVE DELETED) is the matter with you?
I didn't say you killed her.
What was your reaction to the interview?
I had many reactions.
Did you believe him?
Absolutely, I believed him.
What did you think, by the end, was the most likely theory for how she died?
I think -- I think she burned men all across America.
Do you think the police behaved inappropriately?
Yes, I do.
Why was he treated differently?
Well, first of all, the cases were filed differently.
What do you think?
Well, I'll tell you.
When you dealt with him, did you question his sanity at all?
No, I didn't.
It doesn't get worse than that, does it?
No, it can't get any worse.
He allowed a load more kids to get abused, didn't he?
Well, there's no question.
What should happen to them?
Well, first of all, they should be civilly liable and they are gong to be civilly liable.
What do you say to that?
I think -- I think it's ridiculous.
What do you think?
Well, I have great respect for Tom Mesereau.
What do you make of it all, now that we know the lurid detail?
Well, it's heartbreaking to say the least.
What do you make of the series so far?
Well, absolutely, "The Newsroom," which is on HBO, are -- is terrific.
And how realistic is that premise for a modern cable news network do you think?
Well, this is what they've done so wonderfully.
Is he right?
He has a point.
So does it matter that he didn't go to that convention?
I think that on the one hand he should have been there.
Is that right, though?
Just a bad decision.
He got booed for the phrase or because actually a lot of people in the audience like Obamacare or whatever you want to call it?
This is a very respectful audience.
Tavis, what did you make of that?
It smacks of Ross Perot some years ago referring to black folk as you people.
That maybe he has learned some lessons about leadership and how to take on the Republicans?
EST: I think given the narrowness of the political system and the truncated options that most Americans have, there's no doubt that Barack Obama is better than Mitt Romney.
What did you make of it?
I think Tom Mesereau was right earlier in this program.
Cornel?
I was glad to see the show.
Hey, how are you, how's it going?
I'm good.
What do you think about the current debates in America with regard to immigration, with regard to the American nationality, if you like?
Well, I mean, yes, America is still the great country of opportunity and look at what happened to me.
Or do you think there's other work still to be done?
I mean I love Obama.
Does s it worry you if they are perhaps to take control, come November?
Yes.
And do they need to evolve with that change?
Well, obviously, America has changed a lot.
Yes, sloth sounds better, I think, don't you?
Yes, missile, hostile.
Do you like doing the "Ice Age" movies?
I love them.
Really?
And he said that sloths store food in their cheek pouches and they're so slow and they chew so slow that it ferments and it becomes alcohol and they get drunk and they fall off the trees.
Does that mean I'm lying to you?
I don't know.
What do you think?
LAKE: Well, I'll tell you.
Robert, how are you?
Well, I'm not nearly as interesting as you just described.
Do I look like that?
You do.
And I've been roaming around the country and doing -- what the hell have I been doing?
I don't know.
-- communicate with them through Facebook and stuff, right?
I had a Facebook.
Did I really live this thing?
How much of it -- I mean you've ridden this extraordinary book.
Well, because she was the woman that was doing these at the time, right?
I -- OK, I'll get serious for just a minute.
What do you think?
Well, I'll tell you.
How much do you blame your parents?
I don't blame anybody.
Did they ever tell you that they loved you, your parents?
Never.
But although you don't necessarily blame them because of your belief in God, how much do you think did it damage your character, damage your personality, make you a damaged person?
Oh, I think that if I came from a different family, I would have been a very different person.
Are you capable of love?
Absolutely.
How could you not love a God that kept you in the womb when you were supposed to be dead out of the womb?
Let's -- let's take a short break, Robert.
Could I just say one word about this?
Yes.
Now what would you like to hear?
What your relationship was like with her before she died.
Did you love her, though?
No.
Did you know everything about her?
Nobody ever knows -- everything and I -- particularly a person like Bonnie.
Was she a con artist?
I think she was a con artist, yes.
Rewind?
Do you believe that --
Does that mean I'm lying to you?
I don't know.
What did you think?
I don't know.
I'm saying I've met you for, what, 20 minutes?
I don't care about that.
Why are you being so defensive?
Because you just insulted me.
What the hell is the difference?
I said I'm going to ask you --
Did you hear what I said?
-- well documented -- I heard what you said.
You mean physically faithful?
Yes.
Do you represent some of those people?
I don't represent anybody.
Do you know why I was arrested?
Tell me.
You got any idea why, why I was under arrest for four years and he was under arrest for an hour, Mr. Research?
No, I don't.
Why were you found liable?
I told you why.
Why?
I would have been -- I -- if you were -- if you were the lawyer on that side, I took the stand.
Do you remember the night that she died well, or is it now something you've blocked out of your head?
No, I remember it quite well.
Where are you going?
I'm interested in what happened.
What the hell are you doing?
Let me help you.
Now you want to know what happened that night?
-- on your story.
What?
I'm curious about --
Am I right so far?
So far.
So I'm factually correct?
Yes.
No, but your questions are boring, because I mean even what you just said, are you sure the people at Tibet give a (EXPLETIVE DELETED) about any of this?
I think you're here because you've written a book about your life.
Than the murder of your wife?
I didn't murder my wife.
Why?
Because it's stupid.
What the (EXPLETIVE DELETED) the matter with you?
ORGAN: I didn't say you killed her.
Why don't you ask me some really interesting questions?
I said that you were acquitted in the court case but you were then --
You are curious about why I was found liable?
I'm curious about how you deal with the fact that a civil action was successfully brought against you for killing your wife.
Is it?
Yes, it is.
What have I said to you that's factually inaccurate?
It's not so much factually inaccurate.
Hasn't it ruined your life?
What -- that's another matter, Charlie.
Does it -- is that boring, the fact that this incident ruined your life?
We're not talking about how my life was ruined.
Don't you feel at all silly?
I've said nothing about you.
With all that you've been able to find out since that night, who do you think killed Bonnie?
It's not what I've been able to find out since that night.
What?
You can't go through your life feeling like this, surely.
Which of your Hollywood friends stood by you?
I don't have any Hollywood friends.
No one at all?
No.
How do you feel about that?
I'm grateful to God that I lived long enough to find out that 98 percent of my personal life was (EXPLETIVE DELETED).
Where do you live now?
I live in an apartment, I told you.
Do you have any women in your life?
Well, like I told you, I've been on the (EXPLETIVE DELETED) for quite a long time now.
What?
Which was the relationship with an audience and acting.
Who do you think killed Bonny?
Bonny had people that she burned.
What can you tell me about what happened to her?
Well, Piers, as you know, something very similar happened to me when I was in Congress many years ago.
Have you managed to speak to her at all?
I was with Kerry last week.
Would you categorize what she went through as the kind of thing that you were talking about in terms of people who get stigmatized and sensationalized?
Well, listen, Piers, if she had been suffering from cancer, or diabetes or some other acceptable illness, she wouldn't have had any problem getting the necessary help.
How much of a pressure does the family feel about that kind of thing?
Well, Piers, like I said in my own circumstance, I was very fortunate.
What can you tell me about them?
Well, on the face of it, you're right, they seem damaging.
Do you know if she is actually a relative or not?
According to the court's order, allowing for the release of her statement, I'm allowed to state the relationship.
Do you have any suspicions yourself as to why she came forward and said this now?
There actually were some other events that happened in the family dynamics that we will get into if we need to.
A family member alleging racism from George's family?
I think that if they could tie that to an event of George's and if, in fact, they had some other evidence supporting a suggestion of racism.
I presume after this huge dump of stuff today that feeling has been reinforced, is it?
Well, actually, I had asked the state.
Is it valid?
I would disagree with you, Piers, on that comment to smear.
But why do you think it's this issue that President Obama feels so strongly is the key one?
Well, look it, Governor Romney from the very beginning has said I have the credibility to be president because I ran a business.
I can accept the president who's a successful businessman?
They may.
They judge him on his performance, don't they?
And what that means for the next four years because that's really what they're voting for.
What do you make though of the wider point that's being made there?
Well, there's certainly a point to be made in politics about a man running for president who takes advantage of all these presumably perfectly legal things to reduce his income tax.
What could it be?
Well, it's bizarre to me.
Is there a better one out there for him?
I think probably the choice for vice president for Mitt Romney or any candidate is do no harm.
Would he be a sensible pick?
He'd be a sensible pick because, again, no one would notice or care.
When you saw the interview, what went through your mind?
A lot.
You have absolutely no doubt that he killed Bonnie?
He did kill Bonnie.
Why are you so certain because he got off the criminal case?
Yes.
How can you be sure that theory isn't the true one?
It's not accurate.
What's happened to his daughter?
Well, in a nutshell, that was the motive.
Do you think he should be allowed to?
I have no opinion on that whatsoever.
It's not about me, is it?
Yes, it is, because you opened the door, Charlie Potatoes, and you can take that to the bank.
What does "Finally Free" mean?
The title speaks for itself.
When you finished the book and you covered this extraordinary story, and we'll come to some of the details, what did you learn about Michael Vick?
Well, I learned that I wasn't as forth right as I always wanted to be and thought I could be.
What was the lowest moment for you, of the whole thing?
I think the lowest moment was when I, you know, I had to tell my son that I was going to prison and that I was going to be going for two years.
How do you deal with that?
He just broke down crying.
How did you -- how did you explain it?
Well, the situation came about when his mom told me he had been getting teased by some of his friends at school, which is solely my fault, which is a situation that was out of my control.
What you saw as an 8-year-old boy, although horrific, seemed exciting to you, did it?
Yes, because, you know, I always had a passion for animals and I always had a dog.
And they'll say, how can you be a dog lover when you killed a lot of dogs because they were too weak to fight?
Yes.
How can you be a dog lover that enjoys doing that, too?
I know it may seem contradictory but, you know, that's just the person that I was.
No parent, no family, no friend?
Nobody.
When you were doing it, did you enjoy it?
You know, I enjoyed the competition aspect of it.
And for what?
Just before the wall came crashing down on your life, you were the $130 million superstar.
Did it make you somebody that now you don't really recognize?
Yes, it did.
What did you think the moment you heard this has happened?
I was on the golf course.
Did you lie to them?
I lied to my mom.
What was the moment you told your mother the truth?
I told her the truth the day I got -- I got arraigned.
How did she react?
She was just upset, disappointed.
I mean those first few weeks?
Harder.
What do you say to those who say the crime you did was just so awful, you shouldn't be even allowed to play football anymore?
You know, I overlook it.
Do you blame them or do you understand it?
I understand it.
What was that moment like for you?
You know, I was elated, you know, to get back home to my family, you know, more than anything.
Did you vow to yourself, you know, I'm never going to put my kids in this sort of position again?
Oh, yeah, before I even got home.
What do you feel you owe her?
Everything.
Is it true the security alone for your wedding costs 300,000 dollars?
That's false.
Huh?
That's false.
What were you doing?
No, that's absurd.
The fact that you're not just perceived as a footballer, you're a notorious celebrity?
You know, I'm so appreciative of my fans.
Or is it more important to you to be understood better?
I think it's more important to be understood.
Have you got a dog?
No.
You going to get one?
Maybe so.
Do you know?
I mean, I would let them pick it out.
Or was it honestly more fun being the ne'er-do-well?
It was all kind of crazy.
How the devil are you?
Do you know, I'm very, very happy today.
I look different in that clip, huh?
You do.
How do you feel now that you're officially a single man again?
Well, I think that the -- what happened in the weekend was just an administrative finality.
How is your life in reality at the moment?
Well, the limited amount of time I spend in reality I quite enjoy.
Have you become, you know, a little less excited about the whole nature of fame and celebrity?
Yes, I remember that interview very distinctly, Piers.
Is there something society should do to try and put a lid on this before we all go completely mad?
Yes.
What's the point of it all?
There isn't one, I don't think.
Are you an American resident yet?
No.
Is America refusing to accept you as one of its own then, Russell?
I love the American people, all of them, every single individual.
How is your temper at the moment?
Pretty good, mostly.
That's what you believe, isn't it, fundamentally?
Yes, give or take a little.
Why are you not prepared to accept that that means you can move with the times, to evolve it?
Oh, I -- but I -- I do accept that, with -- with respect to those vague terms in the Constitution such as equal protection of the laws, due process of law, cruel and unusual punishments.
How do you equate that, as man of fairness and justice, how do you continue to be so pro something which is so obviously flawed?
I -- I'm not pro.
That -- that becomes a punishment, doesn't it?
No, I don't think it becomes a punishment.
But what about if you're an innocent person being waterboarded?
I'm not for it.
-- isn't it down to the Supreme Court to effectively give a -- a more modern interpretation of the spirit of what that means, to adapt it to modern times?
Well, that's lovely.
But why don't you think it is?
Well, I don't think it is, because, look, the -- the background principle of all of this is democracy.
What did you say in response to that?
I said if you're going to be serious about textualism, if the statute does not make an exception, it does not make an exception.
And yet you personally, if you had the chance, would send them all in jail?
Yes, if I were king, I -- I would not allow people to go about burning the American flag.
-- an -- an opinion, don't you?
Well, don't forget this person has to be convicted by a jury of 12 people who unanimously have to find that he was inciting to riot.
What does that mean?
Well, it really means a narrow reading, a crabbed reading of statutory words or of constitutional words.
And I -- I do think it's been abused, don't you?
No.
Can't you?
It's -- it's -- it's utterly impossible.
Would they not say this is abridging my speech?
Yes, but newspaper publishers aren't buying elections.
And it shouldn't be susceptible to the highest bidder, should it?
Newspapers endorse political candidates all the time.
And are you going to limit the amount of money they can spend on it?
Do you think the...
Do you think, perhaps, they should be?
Oh, I certainly think not.
Is there any limit, in your eyes, to freedom of speech?
Oh, of course.
Is -- is there -- what are the limitations in -- to you?
I'm a textualist.
Isn't that a form of insurrection?
No.
Isn't it?
No.
What about that?
One of the more complex things about you, just -- which I -- I think is -- has been admired and criticized in equal measure, the case I would put to you, where I think it's interesting where you dissented against something where I think common sense would have dictated the opposite, was "Maryland v. Craig," a young girl who had been abused by a child molester.
-- abused and is actually traumatized by what happened?
CALIA: What it says it what it says.
Do you go home at night, when you dissent in that particular case, do you have misgivings about it, person -- on a personal level, or are you always able to divorce that from your, as you would say, legal responsibility to uphold the letter of the Constitution?
No, I -- I sleep very well at night knowing that I'm doing what I suppose -- what I am supposed to do, which is to apply -- to apply the Constitution.
Why were you so violently opposed to it?
I -- I wouldn't say violently.
Did they?
Of -- of course.
It wouldn't have even entered their minds, would it?
What -- I -- I don't know why.
Why wouldn't it?
Because at the time, it was...
They -- they didn't have wives and daughters that they cared about?
They did, but it was not an issue that they would ever consider framing in the Constitution.
I mean, why would you be instinctively against that?
My view is regardless of whether you think prohibiting abortion is good or whether you think prohibiting abortion is bad, regardless of how you come out on that, my only point is the Constitution does not say anything about it.
My hardest?
Yes.
You want me to describe it really?
No, I don't.
Justice Scalia?
Look it, I -- my court didn't -- didn't bring the case into the court.
No regrets?
Oh, no regrets at all, especially since it's clear that the thing would have ended up the same way anyway.
I mean, is it just me that thinks it's a bit weird that a guy can join the Supreme Court and literally not ask any questions?
Oh, that's not so unusual.
Are there clashes there?
There -- there are clashes on -- on legal questions, but not personally.
Who told you that?
I think I read it in some of the papers.
So you've had no falling out with Justice Roberts?
I'm not going to talk about -- no, I haven't had a falling out with Justice Roberts.
Loud words exchanged?
No.
Slamming of doors?
No.
Nothing like that?
Nothing like that.
Best buddies?
My best buddy on the court is Ruth Bader Ginsburg, has always been.
What do you like to do when you're not presiding in the Supreme Court?
I like to play tennis.
You've been hunting with Dick Cheney, haven't you?
I have, indeed.
How -- how carefully do you think, before you accept an invitation to go hunting with Dick Cheney, how hard do you think about that as a potential conflict?
Well, in that case, I had accepted the invitation long before the case that was the alleged source of the conflict was before the court.
Does that annoy you?
No, I -- I usually don't read it.
A good judge will decide cases based on a governing text that go against what the judge might think is wise policy, isn't that true?
Look it, I have ruled against the government when Republicans were in the administration and I've ruled for the government when Democrats were in the admin -- I couldn't care less who the president is or what the administration is.
-- from a politically motivated manner?
Not a single one of them.
-- does it offend you that his integrity would be questioned like that?
It -- it offends me that -- that -- that people point to the fact -- and they didn't used to be able to when -- when -- when David Souter and John Paul Stevens were still on the court.
And you're married a very long time to a long-suffering woman, would you say?
I'd say so, yes.
Have I ever broken the law?
Yes.
Have you ever been caught?
Oh, yes.
-- in your life?
-- I am pretty much a law-abiding sort.
My guilty pleasure?
Yes.
How can -- how can it be pleasurable if it's guilty?
I've got lots of guilty pleasures.
Now, you've been married for how long?
Fifty-two years.
How many grandchildren are there?
Thirty-three.
What has been the secret of -- of such a longstanding marriage, do you think?
Maureen made it very clear early on that if we split up, I would get the children.
Did you mean that?
She has -- she has worked very hard.
Prop -- properly in love?
Hmmm.
Will you ever retire?
Of course I'll retire.
And as -- as we sit here now, what would you say your greatest achievement has been as a Supreme Court justice?
Wow!
What is?
The framing of the Constitution.
What's the difference, really?
No I -- I don't -- I don't use the -- Madison's notes as authoritative on the meaning of the Constitution.
Why are you so convinced that these guys, over 200 years ago, were so right?
You have to read the Federalist Papers to answer that question.
Do you wish we had a few of them now?
I wish we had a few of them now.
Do you still get a little thrill when you come in?
No.
Most in history?
No, no, no --
In my lifetime?
In your lifetime, yeah.
What made him special?
He had a way of -- he was the great communicator.
Did he give you any advice when he put you forward?
No.
Did he say anything?
No.
Would you tell me if he had?
He almost got my name right.
Do you ever have to pay for spaghetti bolognese in New York?
I have a lot of Italian friends.
What do you call it?
Pasta con sarde (ph) I think is the name of it.
What is the real strategy at this stage of the battle plan that you think he needs to be most aware of?
I think it's very obvious, Piers, and that's jobs and the economy.
How much of a problem is it going to be if Barack Obama begins replaying that criticism and indeed from other senior Republicans to say, come on, even you guys didn't think he was that great?
Well, probably the same impression that people have when they show Hillary Clinton saying, "Shame on you, Barack Obama."
Or as some other people say, look, it's fine, he did create jobs, but he also wrecked a lot of jobs?
You know, the problem with the free enterprise system is that not everybody succeeds.
Why doesn't he just do it?
Well, first of all, let me put this in context.
But just to clarify, you never saw anything that you think would cause him embarrassment?
Of course not.
What does Chicago-style mean?
Chicago style means that there's very few depths you won't plummet.
Seriously, the lowest you've ever seen?
I have not seen anyone accused of possibly being a felon.
I'm not sure you can do that kind of campaign and then honestly stand back and go, come on, you're not being fair to me, can you?
Well, your point is well made in this respect.
What should be done about this?
What we should have done a long time ago was join with other nations and set up a safe zone and together provide arms and equipment to the resistance fighters who are being massacred.
Is it time that President Obama did something?
Yes, and one of the sad aspects of this, he doesn't even speak up on these people's behalf.
And you've met some of these people?
I've met them in a refugee camps.
What do you say to that charge?
I say that's true but I also think that there's a variety of reasons, including a polarization amongst the American people.
What do you think of that?
I think that it's a very unique interpretation of the real world to say that money is speech.
What is the fundamental principle issue here that you object to?
The fundamental principle is that it bring -- it does not rein in any way the activities of the labor unions.
You would sign up for that?
Absolutely.
How do you feel when people say, we've got the real John McCain?
I say I never left.
Would you like Michele Bachmann to apologize?
I don't know --
-- in particular?
I don't know what she should do.
What does it say about the state of modern politics, that that kind of thing can happen?
Listen, we just had a sheriff of Maricopa County, again, who has taken it upon himself to prove that President Obama was not born in the United States of America.
Well, I think you need to say one thing more, which is what does it tell you about the state of politics?
It's crazy.
What goes through the mind of a wife in this situation?
It is day by day.
Was that your memory of it?
Yeah, its exhilarating.
Do you actually regret -- if you're honest, do you look in the mirror and regret at least going for it?
Oh, no.
It could have worked?
CCAIN: Well, it's not that it could or couldn't have.
When you were in Vietnam, and you went through five, six years of absolute hell, repeated tortures, beatings, so on, what did you learn about yourself that has now dictated the way you are as a politician?
I was proud of my ability to resist all kinds of pressures from my captors, both mental and physical.
If I could relive -- outside marriage and children, if I could have the power to let you relieve five minutes of your live, what would you choose?
Probably the day I left prison.
Do you agree with him?
Yes, I don't disagree with him at all.
I mean, do they have a point?
I don't think we know enough about the opposition yet.
When would the military possibly turn on Assad?
Yeah, that's an interesting point.
And what should be done about it?
I saw that attack as an indicator of what I see as the era that we're in.
Did you feel optimism there?
I did.
Why is this happening and what can be done about it?
This is an issue that we in the military have been working very hard for years.
What was the first that you knew that this was going down?
You -- the first thing that happened is he came in through the exit door, through, you know, what is being said is tear gas.
Governor Hickenlooper?
So this has been a long day and I appreciate how long a day it's been for all of you in the media.
Has he said anything about why he did this?
If we have information about a motive, we will not share it with you.
He's talking to you though?
I won't talk about his admissions.
(INAUDIBLE) that perfectly legal?
My understanding is all the weapons he possessed, he possessed legally.
What about the mask?
It was a gas mask.
Did you realize at the time you've been hit by a bullet?
Well, at the -- I did.
Could you see him?
No, I was in the middle -- I ended up on the row over, and then I ended up crawling out.
What is your reaction to the fact that this young man was legally able in the last two months to obtain four weapons, including an assault rifle, and so much ammunition and commit this atrocity?
It's -- it's not right.
Jamie, did you think that you were going to get out alive or did you fear that everyone was going to die in there?
No, this -- my thought was this is how it ends.
What kind of boy was he?
He's a quiet guy, you know, very nice.
Have you been able to speak to her today?
No, I haven't been able to talk to her because too many people tried to get her.
And would stricter gun control have made a difference in this case?
First of all, I want to express my grief and my deep condolences for the victims.
What is your reaction to that?
Honestly, Piers, I think this is the wrong night to be doing this.
Given what has happened today, do you think there is now legitimate cause to press politicians for tougher gun control in America?
Piers, I think, like you said, that legitimate cause existed yesterday.
That can't be right, can it?
The American people need to express their outrage directly to their representatives on every single level.
What was your reaction to what happened?
Well, it did bring back some terrible memories.
Do you think that Washington is going to wake up tomorrow, perhaps, and realize that America simply can't keep having this number of outrages involving guns?
Well, I think any decision of serious political issues or policy issues are not going to be had now.
What are your feelings about what's happened here today?
First of all, thanks a lot.
What's the appropriate punishment for this guy?
Death.
Why is it that both the president and the man who wants to be president are saying nothing about guns?
Well, the first thing is, do they have an obligation to say something about guns.
Why do so many Americans not feel angry enough to demand further gun control?
Well, I would take it one step further.
Is that a natural place to start with this debate?
Well, it has been a tradition of and it's enshrined in our Constitution, the Second Amendment, the right to bear arms.
So what are we going to do, stop trying to fight terrorists?
Exactly.
What is your personal interpretation?
Well, my --
What do you think the founding fathers intended?
I wasn't there but we have a mechanism under our Constitution that the founding fathers put in to answer exactly that question.
If I wanted to buy an assault weapon and a load of ammunition on the Internet, for example, and I lived in New York, even with the laws that you have, and they're more stringent than many places in America, if you got anywhere stopping me?
You can't stop everything but you can stop most of it.
Why?
Well, my own thing is if you look at where these attacks have occurred, there's one common factor.
Who stops this happening?
Well, that's the reason I brought up the point that I did before.
But presumably you would accept if there were no guns at all in America there would be no gun crime, right?
There'd be no gun crime but there'll be other types of crime.
Do you accept that America has the worst incidents of gun murders of any of what they call the civilized world?
No, I don't think that's true.
They are not true?
No, I mean, factually, it's not true.
But it is, isn't it?
No, it's not.
How do you say you don't have a particular problem here?
No, look, the murder rate right now -- or in the U.K. is low compared to the United States.
How many murders there in 1900?
Two murders in London --
At what point does your premise, more guns, less crime, look ridiculous?
Look.
What is your view?
Well, we just heard the worst kind of junk science that's being pushed by the most extreme lobby group in the United States, the National Rifle Association, which if it had its way, there would be no restrictions at all.
OK, you want me to answer?
Yes.
Do you understand what the difference between a semi- automatic and automatic weapon is?
Answer my question.
Why does anybody need to have a gun that can fire that number of bullets?
Sir, please, let me finish.
How did he fire off so many rounds then?
Because he pulled the trigger many times.
You are quite happy for other people to go into stores and buy the same weapon with the same magazine drum that can fire off up to 100 rounds a minute?
Can I --
Are you done?
I'm done.
Israel's not a liberty loving country?
No, Israel has very strict arms control --
-- show where you talk most of the time?
Only when the guest is talking complete nonsense.
Really?
We've tried your way for too long.
How is Faris, your daughter?
She's doing OK.
Just briefly tell me what the experience was like for you when this killer started?
Well, first, it was amazement that -- I thought it was just part of the movie.
What were your feelings about the court appearance today?
Well, my feelings were -- I was all for hearing the charges that was going to go against him.
Would somebody of that age, if they are genuinely schizophrenic -- would they be in control of what they're doing?
Sometimes yes, sometimes not.
Is there anything more that can be done to prevent this kind of incident happening again?
If you want to look at can we make movie theaters safer, you can always harden the security around these places.
Do you feel comfortable that this guy could go and buy all this ammunition, all these weapons, all this protective gear, and do so perfectly legally without anyone picking him up?
He didn't do anything to trigger anything.
And be honest, when you knew you'd won the bid and you saw the Beijing Olympics' opening ceremony, did you think, what the hell are we going to do to beat that?
I did.
But also just generally in that region?
Well, it's a very good question and a very difficult one to answer.
How concerned should people be about the spread of the influence of the Muslim Brotherhood?
Well, I think, first of all, we have to understand what's going on in the region.
How much do you agree with Israel's fear and concern about the nature of Iran's threat?
Essentially, I mean, I agree that a nuclear armed Iran is a devastating thing for the region.
And if Israel decides to act unilaterally, which they have threatened to do, where would that leave everybody in the Middle East?
Well, the first thing to understand is Israel will protect its own interest.
Because there's a general acceptance that Assad must go, but how is he going to go?
It's -- it's very, very difficult.
How is the special relationship in reality do you think between America and Britain these days?
I think it's still strong.
How are you reading the political ruins at the moment in Washington?
Look, if the American elections for you guys is not for us guys.
How perilous is the situation when you look at Europe in totality?
Deeply perilous.
And should it be saved?
Yes.
But is it an exaggeration to say that in her hands, the future, certainly in the short term and middle term of the whole European economy could rest on what Germany does?
I think it does rest on what Germany does, yes.
What do you think?
Well, I don't -- you know -- look, I don't want to enter into a controversy that must be difficult for people in America right now.
But do you think, though, that high-powered assault weapons and magazine drums capable of unloading a hundred bullets a minute, is it right that they should still be legally accessible?
I think the Americans have got to decide this.
How do you do it?
I work out a lot.
Every day, is it?
Not every day.
But what it comes your way again?
Let's wait and see if it does.
When you look back over your whole career, if I could let you relive one moment of success again, what one moment would you choose?
Well, you rarely get moments of success.
What would be the things you'd like to talk to him about?
Well, I think it's got a huge challenge for itself and for the world.
Why would you do that?
For the sake of Pakistan.
Do you agree with that?
It was.
Has the Afghanistan war been successful or has it, arguably, made Pakistan even more understandable and even more dangerous?
Well, I think it has made Pakistan more dangerous now.
What does Pakistan do about that, to try and rebuild that trust?
Yes, that -- I totally agree with you, that it is not believable.
Is that -- is that likely?
No, I don't think so.
-- that he might be?
Not at all.
When you hear Mitt Romney, who may well be president come November, talking of Iran being the most dangerous place on Earth now and the prospect of them getting nuclear weapons making it even more dangerous, what is your reaction?
Well, I wouldn't call it the most dangerous place in the world.
So why go nuclear?
Well, Iran would argue they do have threats.
I mean if Israel is allowed nuclear weapons, if Pakistan are, if you're in Iran, Ahmadinejad, he would argue -- I've heard him say this -- if these other countries are allowed to have nuclear weapons, why can't I?
Well -- well, first of all, Israel doesn't have a border with Iran.
Isn't there a -- a moral compulsion now to get in there?
Well, I think so much has happened in -- in interfering in various countries of the Muslim world, I would say, that I think that external interference has never produced good results.
Who would you prefer to win?
Well, I would like to -- generally in Pakistan, people believe that Republicans have always been favorably disposed toward Pakistan, more than the Democrats.
So you're a -- you're a Romney man?
Well, no, not really.
But from all you've seen and heard of President Obama and Mitt Romney, which one do you think would best suit the interests of Pakistan over the next four years?
Difficult question to answer.
Say we do all survive two years of campaign help, where does that leave our family?
Hopefully, in the White House.
That must make you feel great, doesn't it?
I actually didn't know.
It -- was that deliberate in your -- back of your mind?
You know, I think if it had been Hillary's story, I probably wouldn't have done it, as much as I admire her.
Why is that?
Well, that's one of the things our series is trying to find out.
Do you feel like the whole barrier to the concept of a female president may change very quickly?
Well, I suppose it could, but you sound more optimistic than I feel.
Do you remember that period at all, his political life?
Well, I do.
What did that do to your view of politics?
EAVER: My father told us a wonderful story.
Was your father quietly smug when Nixon came crashing down, that his instinct about him had been proven right?
Oh, no, I think he was heartbroken for the country.
Where do we look?
You look up there.
I mean, do you feel more empathy with the pressures that go with that kind of job?
That's an interesting question.
How do you -- how do you think President Obama's done?
Well, I think -- I thought it was very interesting last week that he said he's really concentrated on policy, because that makes sense to me, with his character.
And how do I look?
You look terrific.
And apart from Melanie Griffith's extraordinary hair in that movie, but that was a great -- that was a great comedy role, really, wasn't it?
It was.
Magic?
Yes.
Is this where you got the love of the business, do you think?
You know, I think I did.
Do you -- does it diminish what used to be stars on pedestals?
Well, I think fame is the least valuable thing that a successful career gives you.
You know, how could they possibly tell that this is -- that this is something noble, you know, and difficult to achieve?
Your mother was English, I discovered literally seconds before we went on the air, very exciting moment when I discovered it.
Is that right?
It's actually -- 28.
You're in a business, you know, where divorce come and go like sort of Number 9 buses, how have you managed to avoid that pitfall?
Gosh, I don't really know.
Or was it honestly more fun being the ne'er-do-well?
It was all kind of crazy.
How the devil are you?
Do you know, I'm very, very happy today.
I look different in that clip, huh?
You do.
How do you feel now that you're officially a single man again?
Well, I think that the -- what happened in the weekend was just an administrative finality.
How is your life in reality at the moment?
Well, the limited amount of time I spend in reality I quite enjoy.
Have you become, you know, a little less excited about the whole nature of fame and celebrity?
Yes, I remember that interview very distinctly, Piers.
Is there something society should do to try and put a lid on this before we all go completely mad?
Yes.
What's the point of it all?
There isn't one, I don't think.
Are you an American resident yet?
No.
Is America refusing to accept you as one of its own then, Russell?
I love the American people, all of them, every single individual.
How is your temper at the moment?
Pretty good, mostly.
What is it, Munchkin?
I want to be editor of "The New Yorker" and the youngest freelance journalist to be published in "The New York Times," "L.A. Times" and "The Chicago Tribune."
ORGAN: "The Wishing Spell," why have you written a fairy tale book?
Well, it was a promise that I made to myself when I was 10.
Tell me the narrative?
Well, the plot is it's about two kids going to the fairy tale world through a magic story book.
How do you deal with that?
I don't know.
What do you say to them?
Well, I don't know if there's anything I could say to them.
And what would you say to yourself as a 14 year old boy now, if you had the chance?
Well, I think at first, those quotes don't say it.
What do you feel about the way America has moved and the president's endorsement?
Oh, I think that was an amazing endorsement.
Are you standing firmly by your president?
I'm 22 and an actor.
You're asking my political advice?
You can vote.
Are you very political?
I was in high school.
Is it too dangerous to be a young, handsome "Glee" star pontificating about politics?
No, I just think it's annoying.
So definitely coming back?
Yes, definitely.
ORGAN: You weren't just dropping some terrible bombshell?
No, no, no, no.
You're not going to remove the glee from "Glee" for millions of young viewers?
No, maybe a letter or two, but this time -- no.
Are you having a good time with all this or?
I just like progress.
And the moral of that is?
You know, don't dilly dally.
What do you want to say?
First thing I want to say is I'm loathe to be here frankly.
So, really, what's the real reason?
On --
What are we afraid of?
Here's what I see just a fundamental flaw in the American gun culture.
Did you expect the impact of both the massacre in Columbine and your movie to have more effect than it's had?
Well, this is the continuing problem I have with all my movies.
And do you see any link between that and these sorts of incidents?
No.
Makes it easier, though, doesn't it?
Not really.
How do you deal with the constitutional divide that America has over how that is interpreted?
OK.
Why is that?
I guess they're afraid to.
That is why America is seeing such an escalation in its gun ownership, isn't it?
It's -- no, I think it -- actually, it's -- it's more because we're easy -- we're easily scared than other people in other countries.
What is it about us that we are so cruel to each other?
I think it -- it's a fascinating question and I think it's one that many Americans are wrestling with.
We're -- we're -- you know, where are you going to draw the line here with this?
Well, this is the point, isn't it.
Who do you think is going to come into your house?
On this point, a clear example, to me, of the kind of thing you're talking about is the Trayvon Martin case, where George Zimmerman, if he hadn't been carrying a gun, indisputably Trayvon Martin would still be alive.
Doesn't Trayvon Martin actually have the right to kill George Zimmerman if George Zimmerman is stalking him and -- and the police have told him not to stalk him?
There is an irony that it's George Zimmerman using Florida's "stand your ground" defense when, in fact, as you say, you could equally argue that Trayvon Martin may well have been doing the same thing.
Is it time that America just woke up and dealt properly with mental health generally?
Absolutely.
When you knew that picture was coming out, how did you feel?
Not too good.
What is that feeling like?
HELPS: Like the worst in the world, you know, like the lowest of the low.
How did you brace yourself for that?
You know, I think my mom has always been obviously how all moms are.
But this French swimmer Yannick Agnel has really taken the scruff of the neck of the swimming competition and changed the whole game, hasn't he?
Well, I think all of us have been captivated about -- talking about Michael and Ryan, and there's the rest of the world that has a lot talent.
Should Phelps have basically quilt after Beijing on the ultimate high?
There's so much money in this.
What do you think?
Well, I wouldn't want to speculate on anything that would be negative to her performance.
Given social media now as it is, do you think it's time that NBC bit the bullet and began to broadcast the big stuff live?
I think that they're in sort of a quandary about this because they actually bid for the Olympic Games a number of years ago and paid the International Olympic Committee billions of dollars.
What was the first thing he said to you afterwards?
He gave me his flowers.
Oh you haven't?
No, I've only seen him from far away.
It's about being honest, tough love?
I've always been honest with all my kids.
Who would be the right kind of woman for your boy?
They have to be a family loving person that could stand having a large family and crazy family at that.
That apparently he cries at movies and stuff like that, is that right?
OCHTE: Yes.
So that makes him instantly more lovable to women, isn't it?
Yes, he's very caring and loves kids.
What did you make of it as his mother?
It's Ryan.
You prefer him not to, would you?
No.
Are they anxious to see it in real time on television?
Yes, but we call all our family and we tell them how they did immediately.
I think sports has to be live, doesn't it, it on TV?
Yes.
So how are you feeling?
Well, I feel all right.
Tired?
No, not yet.
You get that, right?
Well, you also warned me, you've been answering questions all day.
And what do you feel about that responsibility?
I mean, sometimes I feel it, but, I mean, I like to just think of myself as a normal person who just has a passion, has a goal and a dream and goes out and does it.
What do you consider normal?
Well, not spending 20 years in the pool.
Do you know anybody else that has done that?
No.
What is the motivation at the end of the day for that kind of extreme dedication?
I mean, if you want to be the best, you have to do things that other people aren't willing to do.
What were the young Michael Phelps dreams?
Olympic gold medalist.
From what age did you know that?
I mean, I grew up.
When you're at home playing, do you play board games together?
I would always try to.
Who are your sporting idols?
Michael Jordan.
Why him?
He changed the sport of basketball in my eyes.
Have you met him?
I haven't.
What would you ask him if you were able to meet Michael Jordan?
I've -- you know, I've had that thought a lot.
What's the thing you're most curious about with him?
I mean I think part of me would ask him about what made him come back to the sport.
How have you dealt with that side of things?
You know I'm sure I'll be the first one to admit I've made a lot of mistakes in my life.
When you knew that picture was coming out, how did you feel?
Not too good.
I mean, did you feel -- what is that feeling like?
Like the worst in the world, you know, like I lost all the -- I mean, I think it sort of just -- yes, it's terrible.
How did you brace yourself for that?
You know I think -- my mom has always been obviously how all moms are.
Do you feel people overreacting?
Yes, I did, yes.
Have you found you've got more attractive the more gold medals you won?
I think the biggest thing is you got to find who's real and who's not.
With what?
I was assuming a woman.
Have you had your heart broken?
Sure definitely probably, high school.
A race you really wanted to win?
I mean, I think they're both learning experiences.
Does winning that gold medal repeatedly come above everything else?
For me it's more about personal goals and things I want to achieve myself.
That will be it?
Yes.
Will you still swim a lot for fun?
Probably going to need to do something for exercise.
Is swimming still fun for you?
It is.
You could imagine just doing laps for no reason?
I think one of the biggest things after I do retire is, you know, now when I go to the ocean, go to the beach, I don't want get in the water.
What have you found makes or can make a difference?
I mean, the biggest thing is -- I talk about how I got to where I am, a dream, a plan and I reach for it.
Do you protect it?
There are things that are protected, yes.
What was going through your mind through that period?
Nothing.
Do you feel now as motivated as you've ever been?
I mean, I wouldn't say it was as motivated as I've ever been.
How many medals, do you know how many you've won?
Sixteen.
A bit of doubt about this, you actually know where they are?
Yes.
How would you like to be remembered whatever happens in London?
Being the first Michael Phelps that's really the only thing.
First of all, are you enjoying the games?
Enormously.
So what do you make of that?
In fact, what I heard from Mitt Romney and it was great to see it said so clearly.
If you become president of the United States, would you move the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem?
I think it's long been the policy of our country to ultimately have our embassy in the nation's capital of Jerusalem.
Is that your view?
I think it's absolutely true.
Were you disappointed with that?
We were disappointed.
How old are you for goodness sakes?
I'm 33.
Does it get any less exciting, less enjoyable?
No.
How do you feel representing America and doing so for such a long period of time?
Well, you know, it's such an honor.
As someone as a professional marksman, what do you think about the whole debate that's raging about gun control and so on?
Well, you know, obviously, my heart goes out for the victims and their families and it's really sad this even occurred.
What does it mean to any Olympic athlete?
Michael Phelps has definitely earned every single one of these 19 medals that he's won thus far.
Can it be there when he win eight gold medals?
No, it can't be there.
What do you think?
We're debating it because of the history of women's swimming.
Would this debate be on front page of newspapers around the world?
It may not be so much of a racial thing.
Are we giving her a bad rap, do you think?
Well, I don't think we are.
ORGAN: Would it happened to an American?
I believe it would.
Is it not right to at least ask a question?
Well, China paid a huge price for what they did in the 1990s.
Do you think the part of this is because China are beating America, winning more gold medals, but a jealousy maybe?
I: Could it be because China has been performing very well.
Are we seeing a real resurgence now do you think in gymnastics for the American team?
Absolutely.
ORGAN: What is the nightmare scenario to deal with for you?
There isn't really.
And their job will be to intercept?
There's a range of capabilities we can put in the back of this aircraft.
These helicopters could be the fastest rapid response tool that you have on this boat, right?
That's correct.
And they can take off how fast?
In a matter of moments.
This extraordinary looking beast here, what is it?
This is the OCBP.
If there was a major incident down at the Olympics, you could get here pretty quickly from here, right?
Yes.
You guys are basically armed to the teeth and ready if you need to be, aren't you?
.
What's the difference in terms of what you do as the captain?
HMS Ocean is the royal Navy's largest ship.
And would you say from all your experience that we're ready?
Very much so.
I mean how much food are you serving a day for these guys?
At the moment we've got just over a thousand people on board.
Is it as terrifying to do it?
Well, you know, I've often said that anyone who's done bobsleigh, especially as a driver, if they weren't scared once during their career, they weren't real bobsledders.
How many -- there are six I heard?
We have six athletes.
What would you feel about South Africa today?
I'm always optimistic about South Africa.
What do you think of him?
Yes, I met him at the United Nations a couple of years ago.
What do you think?
Well, I think America -- we still look up to America in many ways.
Does that go for your children too?
I don't know about that as yet.
What do you think she would have made of the way that you have conducted yourself since you had to take over the reins of the palace?
First of all, I can't believe it's already 30 years since her passing.
But for those who didn't know your mother, how would you describe her?
She was the most warm, gracious, engaging person.
Do you have any American citizenship because of your mother?
I never actually had a passport, but I had a paper in my passport that said when I was to travel to the United States, I shouldn't be considered as a foreign citizen.
How's it going, Princess Charlene?
Very well, thank you.
Life is good as Princess Charlene?
Busy.
What is the reality of entering a royal family?
Well, from what I've experienced, it's very busy, a lot of responsibilities.
Other than being married to this charming, handsome prince?
I get to wear a tiara now and then.
did you ever think, one day I want to be a princess, marry a handsome prince?
I wanted to be Zoro.
Well, it's not true, is it?
There is an upside.
Why is that?
RINCESS CHARLENE: Well, training in South Africa, I was, you know often training alongside athletes that had disabilities and, you know, they also tried to get to their meets, to reach their goals in life, very little support.
How do you view it?
Well, I wouldn't say expensive or inexpensive.
As one of the main sponsors, how do you feel about what NBC is doing, which is basically ignoring the rally cry to be airing the big events live and they're sticking to their prime-time schedule?
Piers, it's a great question.
What do you think about the -- people like I guess Starbucks for example opening factories back in America at a bit of a loss leader, but doing it to make a point, we want to bring jobs back to America?
You know, Piers, I don't think there's a very simple answer for all of that.
Whoever wins in November, what should they do about that?
They ought to take a look at -- they ought to understand, business is not the enemy.
If they made it more attractive for businesses like yours to bring factories back to America, would you do that?
I would have to say we would consider it.
You've been quicker in your career, haven't you?
Not running, that's why I row.
Was it receiving it from the great Becks?
I think it probably was being asked to do it in the first place.
What is it about the Olympics that makes great champions keep coming back, do you think?
It is the biggest sporting event there is.
Who is your favorite Olympian in the world, ever?
I think, going back, it would probably be when I was a 10- year-old, of watching Mark Spitz win his seventh.
Do you think people have any real understanding of the sacrifice and the dedication that it takes to be the best when you come to the Olympics?
I think most people do.
If I case say you could have only one of those, which would you take?
It would have to be the medals.
Do you still row?
I've been out in a boat five times this year.
If you had been there when it was happening and you saw team after team doing the same thing, do you have any power to actually do something?
No, not as a --
What is your view about that?
Yes, I'm on reconstructed on the subject.
Should they be?
Personally, no.
Wouldn't that -- wouldn't that a one-hit, do more effective work with this than what's going on at the moment?
Yes, you're right.
Is he?
Well, you know, the lovely thing about the games in the U.K. is we've had the big -- you know, we've had the national pop (ph) game.
Who do you think is?
Well, you have to say that winning 19 medals or whatever he managed last night makes him certainly the most successful and prolific medal winner.
Would you go along with that?
Well, yes, I'm from track and field.
Who would it be?
Well, modesty probably prohibits me.
Would you?
Yes.
For snuffing you out that time?
No.
Is there a feeling that if she was an American or a British swimmer, we wouldn't even be debating it?
Surely.
That they are now prepared to play by the rules of the Olympic Games?
Yes, it is one of the top trending topics, especially in the micro blogging sites here.
Why is that?
I know.
How exciting has it's been for you?
Well, I -- I love to see, you know, incredible performances.
Have you come through all the traumas and dramas of what went on?
Yes.
The mere fact that both of you look so fit, and healthy and well, and happy is all you need to see, isn't it?
Yes.
ORGAN: Even now, do you still have to take a huge amount of pills a day?
It's not quite as many.
Were you angered when the Chic-fil-A boss said what he said?
Well, you know, I'm not real political, you know, but I know what's right.
Never mind the views about same-sex marriage, right?
Yes.
Where are you on all of this?
You know, I am so thankful that I was in a sport that we didn't have that really as an issue.
When you went back and dived again and you came back up, and your head bounced up through the water, what was going through your mind?
You know --
The first thing you thought?
Well, going through something like that, OK, I hit my head on the board.
You know?
Greg, it's been a real pleasure to see you.
Who would be first choice?
Well, I look at it differently.
Did you ever in your era come up against anybody who you thought you possibly couldn't beat?
I looked at it in a different way.
Are we better off today than we were when Ben Johnson got caught?
What's sad about it is that it's never going to end.
Of all the great moments you've had, what was the best for you?
Oh my goodness, you can't top --
Why?
Well, because it was the first one, you know.
Is there anything quite like the Olympics?
The Olympics are unique.
Did you ever have that in your time?
No, I didn't.
When you were competing at your very best for America and Ronald Reagan was president, did you ever imagine in your lifetime that you would have an African-American president?
No, I didn't.
Is it easier or harder to be a black man or woman in America these days?
I don't think we became more racist, but I think people woke up the next day and said wait, wait, what happened; let's go back to the old times.
What does it mean A, to compete for your country, for America, and B, to win?
To win is something that's unimaginable.
You sympathize with them?
I do.
It was a natural thing?
It was the way that I always ran since I was a kid.
Are you a fan of his style?
Well, I'm a fan of his speed, that's for sure.
He's been saving himself for the big one?
I think he's had some trouble this year.
You think it gives him an advantage?
I think it does give him an advantage.
I think he probably has earned that advantage, hasn't he?
You can't do that, though.
Do you think he might?
No, he's not.
Wouldn't it be an amazing moment for the Olympics?
It will be.
Where are you looking for big American achievement before the end of the games?
OHNSON: The sprints are typically where we have always dominated.
You still running?
I wouldn't call it running.
Do you like being called the mother of gymnastics?
Thank you very much.
How do you feel about that?
I feel good.
When you walk around here, do you get a good reaction when people realize it's you?
Yeah.
Did you really?
ORBUT: Yeah.
It all brought it back to you?
I felt like I was 17 again.
Was it all easy?
No.
What's the one, if I could relive it for you now, which one would you choose?
I don't know.
Is that always the best?
Oh, no.
That psychologically he got the glory straight off the top and actually hasn't reached those heights again?
As they say it's all gone downhill from there.
What do you make overall of the gymnastics for the ladies been in particular?
Historic day.
How do you see the Americans over all when it gets to track and field?
I think the Americans will do well.
If you can't trust a foot race, what can you trust?
Yes.
How important is it to America to reassume the ascendancy over the Chinese after the Chinese went ahead in Beijing?
I think it's very important, I'm not sure it's going to happen.
What do you feel?
Well, actually my memories of my Olympic experience, Piers, are quite good.
When you see all the attention that she is attracting for her phenomenal performance, what do you make of it?
I think it's very unfortunate.
Do you think that the only way to really eradicate it from sport, from the Olympics, is to make the punishment so severe that other athletes just wouldn't contemplate it?
No.
It was going to be on prime time, it's probably the biggest coverage that USA track and field are going to receive for a lot of time, right?
Yes.
How can it be an advantage?
Well, I disagree with Michael in a few -- in a few points of this.
But what do you think?
Well, I think that the wording in all of this is just very important.
So what's your reaction?
I love it, I love her.
I'd imagine it was very competitive when you were young, right?
Absolutely, yes, and a lot of us, and so I learned to be competitive from a very young age.
And you also used to run barefoot, is that right?
Absolutely.
Did you beat the boys?
I do.
You are really?
Yes.
You were brought up around here?
Of course.
How far from this very spot?
I would say about five minutes.
Seriously?
Yes.
Evander, I mean, over the years have you learned to possibly accept that he nicked that first one?
He could have, but I got the second one.
Is that how we're leaving this?
No.
What do you think, Lennox?
EWIS: I think that's -- winning the Olympics is a great thing to do because you're basically, you start as an amateur boxer and to complete your amateur tutelage, you have to be an Olympic gold medallist.
Evander, do you agree with that?
Well, I do -- I do believe that, you know, (INAUDIBLE) the Olympics and is -- you know, just like graduated with a degree.
Who was top dog?
It all depends on how you look at it.
Who would be the boxer in history heavyweight you would least want to fight?
You know --
Really?
He is the first heavyweight for me.
Who were your personal heroes?
Well, Ali was.
Those eyes bearing down on you followed by fists?
Not really.
Did you ever get people coming up, trying it out?
Yes.
How is your ear?
It's good.
Did it nearly actually fall off in the end?
Well, you know, he snagged a piece of it, and it kind of went out in a (INAUDIBLE) and spit it out.
Well, that moment when you realize Mike Tyson has decided to eat your ear in the middle of a fight, what goes through your mind?
Shocking.
Well, Lennox, when you were watching that, what did you think?
I was horrified.
He did?
So we're both sitting here, we've both been bitten.
But I did knock you out, didn't I?
Those Americans wanted you.
What do you think of your country at the moment?
Of course, I think when it all come down, people are divided.
What do you think of the place?
I think it's a great place.
What would be the best advice to young Olympians that you would give?
Me, all I would really say, you know, we create our own pressure, so if you feel pressure, you know, you're creating it, and one thing I would say that, you know, nobody really remembers any other medal but gold, so have gold in your mind.
By all means say you did well to get a bronze and silver, but everyone here wants to win gold, right?
Yes.
It's about winning, isn't it, Evander?
Yes, it's about winning.
So my final question, is if it all suddenly kicked off right now here, you know, something happened, one of you said something, and you got it on again, who would win the third battle?
I would, of course.
Evander?
Of course he would say that.
What do you recall, if anything, of what happened?
Piers, what I remember most about that day, as you guys know, we play football, we go on the routine, you know, get changed, and then get ready, you go out and you do the warm-up.
What happened to me?
I mean, it happened on a Saturday but I didn't wake up until the Monday.
Since what happened?
Since the incident happened.
When did you play?
I was in Dubai.
You did?
Yes, I did.
When was this?
In May.
And how did it feel?
It feel very good.
And you would have been on the Great Britain soccer team, wouldn't you?
Yes.
Would you really?
Yes.
Ryan, how are you?
I'm doing good.
Are you happy?
Yes, I'm happy.
Drinking competitions, I mean?
Yes, I'd say so.
Who gets more women?
I've been asked this question before.
It's you, isn't it?
I think it's a tossup.
It's you, isn't it?
I'm sure it's --
Who would be the right kind of woman for your boy?
That would have to be a family-loving person that could stand having a large family, and crazy family at that.
What does she mean by that?
She meant that I go on dates.
Who would you take right now?
Right now, Blake Lively.
Would you really?
Yes.
Have you met her?
No, never met her.
If she's watching this, and she probably is, what would you say to her?
I'd be like, hi.
Do you want to go to an island with me?
She's dating Ryan Reynolds who I think he's overrated.
How much is that worth?
A lot of money.
Really?
Yes.
You like your bling, do you?
I do.
Did you wake up and think Chinese -- are they the big rivals now?
You know what, it's hard to choose from a different country, because there's so many that are outstanding.
Did you expect Michael Phelps to come and congratulate you, or did you understand in that moment he was like, you're the last guy he wants to talk to?
You know, he did come up and say congrats.
Not in the pool, right?
Not in the pool.
What kind of dedication does it take to be a gold medal winner at the Olympic Games?
It takes a lot, a lot of early-morning practices, and going into a freezing cold pool.
What is in your head?
That, this right here.
What is going through your mind?
Chills.
Do you feel like you are swimming for America?
Of course.
Greatest feeling in your life when you win a gold?
Oh, yes.
Are you just so fit now you can go to the huge McDonald's over there, the world's biggest McDonald's, gorge yourself on Big Macs for an hour?
After this interview I'm going to go over there and get a Big Mac.
Can you eat what you like, seriously?
Yes.
Do you feel like you're a New Yorker still?
No.
What do you feel?
I can't do the cold that much.
You moved to Florida, what, you were 8 years old you said?
Eleven.
When he was a young guy, what kind of young boy did you try to steer him toward being as a man?
I tried to steer him as being an honest, fun-loving, caring individual.
Did he ever beat you, or did you say, you know what, when you beat me for real?
No, never, never.
As a parent, which is the more extreme?
That's a hard question to answer.
Really?
Yes.
Was when?
When I was on the podium, the national anthem was being raised and they showed the JumboTron.
You love this, don't you?
I do, I love it.
Do you like it?
I love it.
What does it say about you when you put this in your mouth?
You know, I guess it's part of my personality.
Do you read this?
Yes.
Are you amused or bemused by the fact you have a guy pretending to be you tweeting to the world?
I mean --
Veronica, how are you?
I'm doing good.
How are you?
Very well.
You're the woman who's going to break all American hearts by beating Allyson Felix, aren't you?
I don't know what the future holds.
It's actually where Usain Bolt comes from as well, isn't it?
Yes, indeed, Trelawny.
Why are you all being created in this tiny little part of Jamaica?
There's a lot of factors.
Are you a big yam eater?
I do enjoy eating yam.
I imagine it was very competitive when you were young, right?
Absolutely.
You used to run bare foot, right?
Absolutely.
Did you beat the boys?
AMPBELL-BROWN: I do.
When you're getting down there and you're the favorite, the pressure is on, what are you feeling in that moment?
I'm calm.
And you're able to hold off America and you're able to hold off America and all these American sprinters when it's 350 times as big as Jamaica?
Jamaica and the U.S. have a very rich tradition in the sprint and I enjoy competing.
Do you ever quietly get it on when you're back in Chalorny?
No, no, I haven't.
Do you reckon you could take him?
Of course.
Is he a real good guy in real life?
AMPBELL-BROWN: He's a very talented athlete.
You've been seeing the swimming event?
I did yesterday.
Are you keen on him?
He's gorgeous.
How many times are you plan on watching the swimming this week?
A lot.
What are your other favorite sports?
I love gymnastics.
Are you a sporty girl?
Not necessarily playing sports.
What did you think of that?
Well, I mean, the thing is, I think when you are preparing to could something like that, I think it should really be up to you.
You would sing it, wouldn't you?
Of course, I would sing it.
What do you think of it?
I think it's actually really exciting, you know, because it's like an all-star cast.
The opening ceremony was pretty spectacular, wasn't it?
Yes.
What was your favorite part?
Honestly, it was the queen.
What does that mean?
Well, it's a campaign for sort of getting the country behind the team, as the host nation.
Where are you going on tour next?
I'm off now to South Africa at the end of the week, Taiwan, Japan, China, and I'm going to be back in the United States in November and December.
How are you coping with your new-found fame in America?
It's lovely.
Alfie Boe, how are you doing?
I'm very well.
Bradley Wiggins and his sideburns, everything else, what does it feel like to be a Brit right now?
Well, it's great for me because I know they've all been listening to the actual anthem.
Do you still work on cars?
I've polished a lot of cars in my life so I try to avoid it.
When you look at the Olympic spirit, what does it mean to you?
For me personally, I'm proud to be British.
Do you go there much?
We had a house there a while back.
What do you do that's so bad?
I sometimes let my frustration run away with me when I see opera houses or the opera establishment telling artists what they can and can't do, saying what is an opera singer, what classical music is and how it should be sacred and kept behind locked doors and things like that.
Let's get to your real hero, it's Bruce Springsteen?
It is.
It's your dream to do a duet with the boss?
There are two American artists that I would love to work with, Bruce Springsteen and Elmo.
Is it a hate crime?
An action to take like this has to be -- it has to be some form of hate.
Do you -- have you felt like you've been vulnerable?
Yes, I think my first reaction was, to be honest with you, I could guess, you know, it was a case of mistaken identity.
What is your reaction to that statement from the family of the man that committed this terrible atrocity?
Yes.
Do you believe that this kind of extremism, the white supremacy, but also other forms of extremism, is that on the increase in America, do you believe?
I think there's no question about it at all.
I mean what do you imagine may have been given what you know about his background, his motivation here?
My best guess is that he's a fool.
What is your recollection of the kind of man that Wade Michael Page was?
As I recall he was a bright, intelligent, and very kind individual.
I mean, who were the targets of this holy war as far as he was concerned?
Back then, as far as he was concerned, it was just anybody that wasn't white.
Do you know what the details of that misconduct were?
Basically, it was just -- he had gotten drunk the night before and showed up at morning formation intoxicated, and that just started the ball rolling to get him moved out of the military.
Would he have tried to distinguish between the two groups?
Honestly, I don't think he would have tried to distinguish.
Did you come away from that encounter thinking that he was now dangerous and that this was not just talk?
No, I knew that it wasn't just talk, that he had fallen deeper into whatever group he had gotten himself mixed up with.
What is the practical thing that can be done now?
Piers, what is really interesting is that my comment that guns don't belong in the civil society generated so much hostility, anger, rage, ethnocentrism, bigotry, prejudice, and racism.
Is there so many gun murders as a matter of routine every day, every week, every month, every year?
Exactly.
-- fears that maybe it was deliberately targeted at the Sikh community?
He probably assumed that anyone with a beard or a turban is probably from the Taliban.
What was your reaction when that happened to someone so close to you?
RANKLIN: Just complete shock.
What are you, 17?
Yes.
It must feels slightly surreal, doesn't it?
Oh my gosh, without a doubt.
Are you all buddies?
Absolutely.
My question for you is you could go to a desert island with one of two men, Ryan Lochte or Michael Phelps, for the rest of your life, who would it be?
Oh, my gosh.
Why have you done that?
Because I am all about the team.
Where are you going?
I have no idea yet.
Harvard?
Probably not.
Do you believe that the achievements of the Jamaican team should be viewed without any suspicion?
I certainly don't think so.
Do I look gangster?
Yes --
Who has excited you most watching the other sports?
Gosh, I can't sit here and not say Michael Phelps.
What about Usain Bolt last night?
I was going to get to him too.
And more importantly, to be sitting here with me again?
Yes.
Take me back to that decision?
About 2008, she was about 11, she started saying, mom, I think that I can do this.
Or she's finding a new mother?
AWKINS: Or that too.
When she first arrived, what was your first impression?
She glows when she smiles and she's a doll to be around.
What was the moment like when she won gold?
For me, it was just total elation, because I knew what had gone into making that dream come true.
Missy, for you?
Just so proud of her, to again make all the sacrifices that she made at such a young age, and then go out and live her dream and at the same time representing her country.
That was ridiculous, didn't you think?
Yes.
Could you ever imagine in your wildest dreams this was going to happen to your little girl?
No.
How are you going to keep her under control?
Right now, we're taking our time to see which brands most are compatible with what she wants to personify.
What can we do about it?
Well, first of all, it's very dangerous to try to preventively detain people based on predictions of what they're liking to do in the future.
Because as there are more of them, the need to do something becomes more and more urgent, doesn't it?
I think that's exactly right.
Dan Baum, how do you make it harder for crazy people to legally buy weapons that they can go and do crazy things with?
A ROAD TRIP": The first thing you do is you do no harm.
What do you do about that culture?
Well, of course it doesn't mean what you just said.
Can I respond to that?
Well, I mean -- let me just -- before we go to Alan, what I would say is, it's very good to have the debate.
But this particular one of crazy people doing crazy things, what can you do to try and red flag these people?
Well, homicide, murder, is a byproduct of many different qualities.
What do we do about that?
Well, two things.
Unless it is to do harm?
Mass shooting is an end point in an individual who may have mental illness and who may not.
Final question, though, I mean, from all that you have seen, all the cases you've been involved in, and so on, do you think there is a coherent argument to just have tougher gun laws in America?
I don't agree.
Why are you going all out then against President Obama over this?
Well, it's actual fact.
Would you go along with that?
Well, there's nothing wrong with flexibility.
Ben Labolt?
Governor Romney in this letter would have undermined the work requirement.
It's got a certain ring to it, hasn't it?
I think I'd have to agree with Governor Romney when he called that Obama-loney.
When a Great White Shark sinks its fangs into you, what does it feel like?
Well, people ask me if I knew it was a shark.
Why did you stay so cool?
I think the most surprising thing to me about this whole incident is that I didn't actually feel afraid.
Really?
No.
Was your son as phlegmatic about it all as you clearly were?
It's harder for me to know what was going through his mind.
No, you wouldn't stick around to chat, would you?
No, no, no, no.
Or is it simply that with the modern media phenomena, that when there is an attack like this, it gets such a huge play on the Twitter-verse, if you like, that it seems like there are a lot more?
People's fear of shark attacks -- and I spoke to a couple of folks today, and they said God, I would never get in the water.
And if that is true, why do they keep gnawing it at?
We speculate that that's the case.
Why not?
Chris, you say you were swimming back with your son.
When you actually got back to land, what was your reaction then?
Euphoria.
Did you realize then the enormity of what you just survived?
Yeah.
How is your leg?
I'm walking around.
Is winning an Olympic gold for you the absolute number one dream?
Yeah.
For all seven hours of the day, you're think of that gold medal, the podium, the American anthem?
Yeah, definitely, especially in the car ride to and from gym.
Again, it's all a bit pathetic, isn't it?
It is.
Do you?
No.
How do you change the culture so that at the very least you can start to put some kind of controls on these types of people legally buying assault weapons and so on?
I honestly don't know.
Well, what are they afraid of?
They're afraid of a public that wants to have its guns.
Why doesn't he have the balls to do it on something like this?
He just never has on this issue as a national candidate and it's a real defect in him.
Frank, very quickly, one word or one name, who's your current favorite for VP for Romney?
ICH: Whom I want or --
Who's the most likely boring white guy?
Well, the most boring is Portman but the second most boring is Pawlenty.
Why is this right for Starbucks?
Over the past year or so when we introduced mobile payments at Starbucks, we have never seen anything adopted so quickly.
That's it?
That's eventually it.
What's the end game?
Well, we believe in simplifying the very complex.
Why do I need this in my life?
I think it's -- I think it's more added to what you can do.
How many of your customers, do you think, will, say in five years' time, potentially be using Square to buy coffee?
Already 25 percent of all of our customers are using the Starbucks card.
Could that happen?
I love -- I love that.
Why shouldn't it be like that really?
I think it -- I wouldn't say that's not possible.
I mean what is the -- what is the right call for America?
I'm not here to call the presidency, I appreciate the question.
What is the answer to America incorporated?
We have to give people simple tools that they can define a new reality and a new destiny.
Rather than the cheaper route of making them in the Far East?
Absolutely.
When you're a new fledgling company like this and it grows so fast, so quickly this kind of issue is going to throw up all kinds of ethical dilemmas that you have to wrestle with, right?
They've done a very good job.
Do you tweet?
CHULTZ: I do not.
Why don't you tweet?
I have so much going on in my life that I feel if I add one more thing, I don't have the time.
How much of the problem has been also cultural issues of people just wanting a fast buck, perhaps not wanting to put the graft that their fore bearers put in?
I don't put the burden on the American people.
At all?
No, I don't.
What is the answer?
How about America get a grip with its current state of depression and let's discuss that first, because the gun really isn't the problem.
I'm not going to go out and blow somebody up, but why can't we change the way we allow people to buy them?
I agree totally with everything you've just said.
Why can't I find out if you're visiting a psychiatrist or a psychologist?
Why is it the media within a few hours of this latest atrocity of the Sikh temple are able to find out so much information about the shooter.
Why can't we do that?
I completely agree.
Where do we meet to make America a better place?
That's the deal, but guess what, unfortunately, the main people who are in charge of this whole process in the country, the first three letters of the constitution, we the people have laid over and played dead.
What's your thinking on this?
Please don't let me polarize more people.
How long have you had MS now?
If we go by diagnosis, it's my 13th year.
You're going to be doing this heliboard?
This is my 13th anniversary with MS, I have been working.
What's your reaction?
Well, it was clearly over the top.
-- all this is getting completely out of hand?
Look, there's a reason.
You said 38 percent?
Thirty-eight percent, major restrictions.
Why is nobody saying anything in any sort of leadership way?
Because politicians underrate the intelligence and the reasonableness of the American people.
Why bring laws in about anything?
If we outlaw those malleable bullet magazines the fella Holmes could have -- in the first minute when he killed most of the people, he would have had to reload six times.
Governor Rendell?
I think I'd choose Condoleezza Rice because I think he's got some weaknesses in foreign affairs which he's demonstrated.
Why have you decided to get engaged properly?
Well, just because I felt that, you know, I was asked to carry the water and carry a message during this election, and to make social -- a socialist solutions part of the narrative of this election, because they're being left out, and they work.
Why has it come to this?
That's just what happens when you make everything for sale.
How would you get Americans back to work?
Well, I would -- I would ask the richest among us, the richest corporate citizens to, you know, include the American people in their jobs.
Yes, Roseanne?
You know, Piers, I just wanted to say that a large part of my solution is to, as FDR did, write down the principal on the debt.
How was it for you?
Yes.
Properly in love?
Yes.
Roseanne, you calming down a little bit?
I'm getting more, you know, the issue of mental health is very near and dear to me and as I go on and, you know, as I pull it in and synthesize and do all the things.
And if I was to pin you down and say right, apart from any relationship or children in your life, if you could relive one moment again of your entire life career, whatever, what moment would you choose?
Well, there's more than one, Piers.
You guys fly often together?
I've flown with my dad a number of times, yes.
What goes through your mind?
It was crazy.
But did you think as you were videotaping you might be videoing your own deaths here?
Well, you know, it never crossed my mind until we started going down and then at that point there you think -- you think to yourself, this might be the last -- this might be the last evidence or the last time we get -- that our family gets to see us.
How is he now?
He's actually doing really well.
I was going to say, did you realize that the whole thing was being caught on camera?
No, not initially.
You've always been quick at the draw?
It's been a skill I've developed over the years.
Boyfriends been able to deal with the rattlesnake hands?
Yes, I think people once they get to mow me and realize I'm not that dangerous off the court.
How do you feel about being right now pound for pound the best female basketball player in the world?
Well, I think I'm really blessed and privileged right now to be on some great teams.
That brings with it a special kind of pressure, doesn't it?
It absolutely does.
How do you deal with losing?
Losing is a necessary part of sports.
What does Michael Jordan mean to you?
Well, there are not many people in the basketball world or the sports world.
What is your ambition for you after the Olympics?
Well, of course, winning that gold medal is first, but after I want to continue to compete as long as I can as a professional athlete.
Why did your mom choose that?
Well, she was very moved.
She would be pretty proud I think at how you turned out?
I hope so.
Explain to me what motivated you to start with?
Well, to start with, my father-in-law was murdered in 1996 and I found his body and I rarely relate to people who have had a huge loss like that.
You're a kind of fiery, emotional, soulful character, aren't you -- on and often stage?
I'm just trying to live this interesting life we all have in front of us.
When you look at your extraordinary life professional and personal, how do you feel now about where you've arrived, where you are right now?
I think at this point, I'm 51 now, I've realized, oh, it's just a journey.
You're never actually going to arrive, are you?
No.
What's been the moment if I could replay it for you, you'd relive?
Ooh.
When was that?
That was 1994 unplugged, MTV.
Was it as good as you always hoped?
Yes, looking back on it.
That's the kind of music you want to get your little Chevy, get on the, you know, I don't know the Pacific Coast highway, get the shades on, ramp up the Etheridge, isn't it?
Yes.
Properly in love?
Yes.
So, before you felt that you'd been in love, but you haven't been able to give that person the whole you?
Well, I -- myself was, I felt owed; they'll fill this up.
Have I cracked the Holy Grail of love?
Terribly cheesy phrase, I know.
Because it's when you're the most searing, isn't it?
Well, it depends on how you look at it .
Can you write good stuff if you're really happy?
Yes.
Can you?
Yes.
-- from the artistry of your songwriting, if I said, write, you can be in this kind of existential state of pure bliss for the next 30 years, or torment, which would produce the better music, the better songs?
See, as you ask me that, this state of bliss you're talking about cannot exist without the other side, without the darker side.
What would produce the better songs?
The contrast of misery, of course, is going to -- the contrast, that -- it's the desire to be out of that, into the bliss.
Or are you still thinking, you know what, a lot of talk, not enough action?
Having been on the journey of getting towards gay and lesbian rights, equality, understanding, diversity in America, 20 years ago, started the, you know, no, I was hoping in 10 years it would all be -- we'd all feel comfortable about it.
But do you feel that the them that is you and those who are, again, lesbian like you, are in a much better position now that you have a president prepared to go on television and say, "I support"?
Absolutely.
Is there more tolerance?
Tolerance, you know, I don't even like to use the word tolerance.
What's the right word?
Because it sounds like, you know, I'm doing something that you have to tolerate.
But you feel it's getting better, even in states like Kansas?
Especially Kansas, because I came from the Kansas in the '60s, which was the middle of the civil rights movement.
And what do you think is the potential prospect of a Mitt Romney presidency?
OK.
What -- is that linked to what you said to me, that basically you've learned to love yourself?
Yes.
But do you?
Yes, you can.
What is the longest period you've ever had, where you literally couldn't write a song, of any quality at all?
Wow, well, I started writing when I was 10.
Do you get long blank periods, though?
No, I don't.
Why did you feel that?
I was being a good grownup.
If, God forbid, you were struck again by cancer, it came back or whatever, would you take marijuana?
Oh, yes.
What do you want to be in five years' time?
I want to still be creating.
You must be proud of them, are you?
I actually haven't seen that for a long time.
Difficult to film I should think, isn't it?
Oh that scene was easy.
To eternity vitality?
Lots of virgin blood.
Why is that extraordinary?
It just seems such a tragic waste for somebody.
How's it going?
Very well.
Do you think you ever will?
I don't know.
Do you dream of a fairy tale white wedding one day?
No, I never have.
Really?
That would be really difficult.
You are with somebody at the moment, right?
I am, yeah.
How's that going?
It's going great.
How many times would you say you have been properly in love in your life?
Define properly.
Do you like being the object of male attention in that way?
Well, it's better than looking and saying, she looks like (EXPLETIVE DELETED).
Really?
Yeah.
What am I supposed to say?
Tell her the story.
What story?
The situation.
I'm riding her over to the thrifty, ain't I?
Oh.
Is he as nice to work with as I imagine he is?
He -- first of all, he's so fantastic in this movie.
Really?
Yes.
Did she ever respond?
No.
You never met her?
No, sadly.
Do you take much of an interesting in it?
You know, probably not as much as I should.
Would you again?
At this -- if -- at this very moment, I would.
Why?
Just because I feel like I should be more -- a little bit more informed at this moment.
What's the one thing you'd change for America to make it better?
I would try to simplify everything.
How did this happen?
Well, I believe I have a gift of shooting archery.
You have only been doing this for two or three years properly?
Yes.
Where do you get that from?
It is instilled in me from my parents.
What are does it mean to be representing America in the Paralympic Games?
I'm just smiling, because it's such an honor and a privilege to be able to do that.
Isn't it?
That's the plan.
You don't like coming in second, do you?
No.
What do they make of their dad?
My oldest is Carter.
What is the lesson you learned?
Not to ever come back.
Who has the thickest skin, you or the rhino?
Well, I don't know.
How long is that going to last, do you think?
INGRICH: I don't know, but I thought it was a very good sign.
-- it is a -- it is a radical -- but it is a radical form of social engineering, isn't it?
But -- well, but the current Ryan plan, which he developed with Senator Ron Wyden, a Democrat, the only bipartisan plan to save Medicare.
As a Catholic, what is your reaction?
Well, first of all, I would encourage everybody who's concerned about Catholic social doctrine to read Paul Ryan's remarkable speech at Georgetown in which he outlines his commitment to precisely the concerns of the church and helping the poor.
How would you describe that?
Wait -- wait a second, Piers.
No?
Ronald Reagan had a deeper recession under Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan recovered in three years.
And I guess more importantly, what do you think about the guy who did get the gig?
AWLENTY: I think it's a terrific pick.
When you are being vetted, I mean -- how many years back do you have to go in the vetting process?
Well, Governor Romney has committed to release two years of tax returns.
I mean unless you've got something to hide, why wouldn't you?
I think his position's very reasonable, Piers, for this.
If you were a guessing man, what percentage of the Ryan budget plan could you envisage a Romney presidency actually adopting?
Well, Governor Romney has said he's going to have his own plan and does have his own plan.
Secretary of state maybe?
You just don't quit.
But what is the Democrat view of the hyperbole that's now surrounding this guy?
Well, clearly, Piers, he's energizing the Republican Tea Party base.
There's now a clear ideological difference for American people to vote on come November, isn't there?
Well, there is.
How does the American voter cut through all this and actually come to a clear verdict on this plan, giving that he's now going to be the VP running mate?
Well, Piers, I think they should first go and look at the plan and they should also look at the Democratic budget committee analysis of the plan.
It's just how we get there, right?
Well, absolutely.
Was I reading the ruins correctly?
Well, I think there's some of that.
How you doing?
Welcome, sir.
You finally got me, huh?
It's taken me nearly two years.
-- than it has been, 20 years ago, in your experience, since you began making movies?
I think that it's that whole thing, one step forward, one step back.
What did you say?
I said people thought he was Jesus.
Where do you think if he gets re-elected he should push harder?
The bottom line is economics.
Did you like the Olympics?
Say it again.
Did you like the Olympics?
Oh, yeah.
You don't see I'm wearing my jacket?
I do.
Wasn't bad, was it?
You guys did great.
But has it made America more or less racist?
I like to say, first of all, African-Americans alone did not elect President Obama.
Where?
It was down in Texas I think.
How many people die of gunshots in England every year?
This is the point I make.
The guy from Aurora, how can you buy that much ammunition on the Internet and that's not a red flag?
There were never red flags.
Well what do you do about NRA, which holds this incredible power?
They got the -- the Vulcan death grip.
Should -- should Barack Obama, rather than just talk in this kind of slightly rhetoric way, as he does about guns, should he now push?
I think they both should.
And then gone, how do you feel about it?
I'm over it now, but I -- it came out of nowhere.
How are you going to feel when he comes to the Garden in a Houston shirt?
Well, he's got to have to come down the lane.
Hey, I'm not -- no blood, no foul, right?
You just finished doing the Mike Tyson Show, which I saw a fledgling version of it in Vegas.
Senator, how are you?
Well, I'm doing great, Piers, thank you so much.
Were you harboring any inspirations to be the last- minute VP?
No, no harboring of any aspirations.
So you two couldn't be further apart, really, could you?
Well, you know, I have a lot of respect for Paul.
How are you going to ensure as a party that your message wins the day?
Well, the interesting thing here is the facts actually are on our side when it comes to, you know, making the pitch to the American people.
If tax cuts are the answer, why did we end up after eight years of George Bush with the financial crisis we ended up with?
Well, the financial crisis really wasn't related to the tax cuts.
Is it actually going to work?
Well, there's a lot of evidence to it.
What was the rate on the date he left?
Well, no, because we had a financial meltdown.
But -- to be -- but to be fair, you can't quote 4 percent when his final percentage was what?
Well, no, I understand that.
Yes, but what was it?
The linkage -- I don't -- I don't remember.
What did you make of what Senator Santorum was tub thumping away there with?
Well, I agree with that first thing he said about, hello and thank you for having me on the show.
Anything else ?
No.
That is the Democrat view, isn't it?
I think it is.
The Democrats must be a little bit worried, aren't they, that this bandwagon currently rolling, the Romney/Ryan bandwagon, could resonate to a victory in November?
I don't know.
Who found the body?
Two uniforms and a set of car bombs.
Yes, you got prints?
Looks like half of Manhattan handed this door.
You ever think your friends who place with valet parking and accused you of some stranger?
Yes.
Or is the purpose of the book to put out enough doubt to make people just question, again, the veracity of what they've been told?
That's a very good question.
And if so, by who and why?
Well, the scientific evidence is overwhelming.
What is your theory about who may have killed her?
Well, it wasn't the Kennedys, which is, you know, some people would think.
So what do you believe happened?
Well, I know what happened, and so do you and it's all in the public domain.
Why?
Because you're grouping that with this.
And if I said we didn't, would you summarily dismiss everything I said before that?
Not at all.
And about being brilliant, yes, why not?
Yes.
Welcome, P.J. How are you?
Hi, Piers.
How are you?
Hi, P.J.
Before we go on to politics, are you a -- are you a natural conspiracy theorists yourself, P.J.?
No, I'm not.
On your show?
Yeah.
With you?
Yeah.
Which Democrat brought this country to its knees?
P.J., over to you.
Hope, how are you?
I'm doing great.
As a British man, do you appreciate goal keeping?
I do.
When you made the save, what goes through your mind?
Well, let's talk about before I made the save.
Why is that, do you think?
We've come a long way, let's be honest.
It's also not unhelpful that you radiate beauty yourself, is it, Hope?
Yeah, you know what, that's not true though.
What was the most important thing that you wanted to get out there about that whole time?
OLO: It's not really the most important thing.
You think I'm being hard on myself?
I think you're slightly overdoing the whole bad wrap thing.
How are you?
Good to hear it.
He's a bit of a problem for you, isn't he?
You know, actually I don't think so.
If the American public just basically don't want to pay more tax, aren't they going to lean in an election in economic hard times towards the party that is saying, I'm not going to hit you in the pocket so hard?
Well, again, we've got to get out of political cliches.
What did you think?
Piers, this is really what I recoil about in where our politics is getting now and is being fueled by super PAC money, is being fueled by a media that becomes so much more obsessed with sound bites than substance.
I mean does your anger extend to that kind of stuff?
Well, I think that I've been clear on the record about my feelings about these super PACs and the negativity on both sides.
When you take all these things into consideration, you must be disappointed that the president isn't ordering some new form of gun control, aren't you?
So, Piers, two points.
Hi, Piers, how are you?
You're very nice to me.
Had he said shackles rather than chains, had he said that, would it have made any difference to you?
IULIANI: Well, what about -- what about -- I have no idea.
How would you describe your honest reaction?
No, no, I wasn't -- I wasn't shocked or dismayed.
-- and the public don't buy into him at the election, that's a problem, isn't it?
I think that Governor Romney has made a gamble here.
To Grover, you're obviously now into pre-election mode which I would imagine means you're going to be even more aggressive about this than normal, right?
Sure, if you want.
So Michael Linden, from your point of view, where is the best attack line for the Democrats?
Well, the best attack line for the Democrats is just looking at the details of the plan.
What do you do about that?
Well, there are two things.
What do you want to say?
What Obama did is he's just changed the rules.
What do you make of the way they are all going at each other now?
ATHER: Well, I think it's gotten worse.
It would be very interesting to see how well the Republicans do at their convention in changing the conversation back to do you agree with Obama or not Obama, rather than do you agree with Paul Ryan and his plan or not?
He's definitely resonating with the American public.
And it would be truly ironic if it was that that cost Mitt Romney the election, wouldn't it?
It would be ironic.
Are you surprised by it?
I'm not surprised because people always have something to say.
So what was harder, "Dancing With the Stars", that or getting in a ring pounding somebody away as the try to beat you up?
Well, you make this sound so --
Real?
Anyway, they're all different.
What is the best and worst thing about being Mohammed Ali's daughter?
The best thing, just off the top of my head, is just knowing that I have that same blood running through my veins.
Actually, it's been great to meet you because you're a chip off the old block really, aren't you?
A little bit.
How are you?
Hey.
Is that your analysis?
Like where we are.
And what can you do about that?
Well, I don't think that I need to be prepared for it.
Do you regret that you've got into bed with the super PACs, even though you won't admit you have?
Well --
Do you believe Mitt Romney when he says that he's paid at least 13 percent for the last 10 years?
I'll say he's setting an entirely new precedent.
Do you regret that Joe Biden used that particular phrase?
Listen, I know what the vice president was saying.
It's getting exciting, isn't it, this election?
Well, I look forward -- I look forward to seeing you along the way, Piers.
Why would you think that President Obama would want his citizens in his own country to be second class?
Well, Obama is a global guy.
You don't obviously believe that, do you?
Not only do I believe it but Obama says it.
What on earth do you base that on?
Well, first of all, the radical Muslims have come to power in Tunisia and Egypt.
I mean, that is an absolute load of filly, isn't it?
Well, first of all, we're talking about Obama's motives.
Would you be sending in American troops in Tehran?
Well, of course -- well, no, no, for starters, look, Obama supported the protesters in Egypt very happily when they were demanding democracy in Egypt.
That's not really the actions of a guy who's not worried, is it?
No, I think we have to make an important distinction here.
ORGAN: Where do you get the fact that he detests my country?
Well, let's start with something simple.
Any initial thoughts?
I -- it's rather troubling to me to agree with you on everything.
Why on earth would any American president actively want to put his citizens into more debt?
Because if American citizens and if our children and grandchildren are saddled with more debt, at some point they're going to have to pay that money back.
Dinesh?
Well, you're attacking -- you're attacking a complete straw man.
You think Colonel Gadhafi has only killed -- before he was killed himself, he only killed 250 Libyans?
He only killed 250 Libyans before Obama initiated the use of force, yes.
How do you explain the double standard?
I'm just about to come to Syria.
What's crazy about them?
ILLETTE: -- No, no --
You were one of his, right?
Yes, absolutely.
This is a bad move, isn't it?
That can happen.
Should he have that tiny amount of body fat?
It's a measurement like body weight or BMX or BMI.
What is different about it?
You know, we call it muscle confusion.
Just scoff hot dogs all day?
There's no one size fits all here.
When he came to you for the first time, what shape was he in then?
He was in great shape when he started.
Is that where they come together?
Well, when I'm there, it's a very bipartisan affair.
A good payer?
Payer.
Does he always pay up on time and give you a good tip?
There's no payment.
Really?
Yeah.
How come he gets a freebie?
They all do.
What are the things I should just forget about doing?
Stop being attached to the outcome.
Does he know after all the commitment he's given you, the 100 percent dedication, that you still haven't given him his vote?
We never discuss it.
Did you think anything?
No.
Are you just one of life's naturally unlucky guys?
Unfortunately I have been in a few accidents in my life.
Although I think one of you was unconscious, right?
That would be me, yes.
How do you see this battleground now?
Well, clearly you help the vice president to help you get votes to get elected.
If tax cuts create jobs, what went wrong under President Bush?
I don't know.
Why wouldn't you ideologically want to do that?
Well, yes, ideologically, you would.
You don't agree with that?
OVITZ: Well, it's more of the way -- yes, I don't agree when he says you're not paying your fair share.
Doesn't it depend as much on the individual businesses?
Absolutely.
Who you going to vote for?
I don't know.
-- than it has been, 20 years ago, in your experience, since you began making movies?
I think that it's that whole thing, one step forward, one step back.
What did you say?
I said people thought he was Jesus.
How could that not be?
I agree with you.
Where do you think if he gets re-elected he should push harder?
The bottom line is economics.
Did you like the Olympics?
Say it again.
Did you like the Olympics?
Oh, yes.
You don't see I'm wearing my jacket?
I do.
Wasn't bad, was it?
You guys did great.
But has it made America more or less racist?
Well, I like to say, first of all, African-Americans alone did not elect President Obama.
Where?
It was down in Texas I think.
How many people die of gunshots in England every year?
Well, this is the point I make.
Two, three?
It averages about 30-odd.
Well what do you do about NRA, which holds this incredible power?
They got the -- the Vulcan death grip.
Should -- should Barack Obama, rather than just talk in this kind of slightly rhetoric way, as he does about guns, should he now push?
I think they both should.
It was an amazing moment, wasn't it?
I wanted -- I wanted to hire his speech writer, quite frankly.
Is that what you want to see?
I actually feel totally responsible for where he's at.
Are you nervous?
It scares me, quite frankly.
Like 30 years?
More than that actually.
Is there a point to it that could really resonate?
I -- my hope would be that it actually -- that society is so receptive to the idea that it doesn't make a point, you know.
For you as a central player in this, someone that had known Whitney nearly 30 years, singing at the funeral and so on, what was it like for you?
Difficult.
What was your motivation for this?
Very important two specific reasons.
What were the biggest misconceptions about her, do you think?
That she was this difficult diva who lived life in a drug coma, and that, you know, her life at every minute was turmoil.
People like yourself and the family members who weren't exposed to that kind of things, and other friends perhaps some of them not the most desirable?
Probably.
Would you agree with that?
I agree that that he wasn't the blame.
Well, it was almost fire and fire, wasn't it?
To a certain degree, because of just being in the same industry.
Did you ever feel you could have done something to perhaps avert what happened?
No regrets at all.
Why such a patriotic album?
Because I want to remind through these songs that before any association with any party, we all are Americans.
What do you think is going on here?
Well, the Republicans are just in a dither over what Todd Akin said.
And if you're looking at this from the outside, you're saying, well, what do these guys really believe?
Well, and we'll find out some more tomorrow because the Republican Platform Committee is going to have a vote on whether or not the human life amendment, which would ban most -- almost all abortions, I believe only maybe the life of the mother would be an exception.
Margaret, this is a real mess, isn't it?
Yes, we could have asked for a better story.
I mean if they believe that, why don't they just say it?
Well, you know, perhaps they will.
Yes, he's not Mitt Romney, isn't he?
I mean --
So how can he -- how can he use this issue to drive people out of office?
Well, Piers --
So, again where is his credibility on this?
Well, what is interesting is that the platform committee votes for it.
This is the very last thing that Mitt Romney wanted to blow up, isn't it?
Well, certainly Republicans don't like talking about social issues.
Why isn't he gone yet?
Well, nobody can make him go.
Have you any idea?
Well, I don't know about the semantics of it.
What do you have to say?
ILVER: I think the problem is that people's imagination might almost be worse with all the different possibilities of what it could be.
Ben, very quickly on the tax, do you think he should release more?
I mean I think yes.
What is your reaction to this?
Well, my reaction is to not talk publicly about it.
Do you find it odd that we're still even debating this in 2012?
It's disappointing.
What kind of thing are you going to be really getting into from a personal point of view?
For example, last week, we did a show on hormones.
How you feeling?
I'm not nervous from the standpoint I have done it before.
Did you ever meet her?
You know, I have a feeling I did.
What is the secret to getting over the low parts?
I think for me, it's being true to myself.
How have things moved on since then?
It's pretty much stayed the same.
This is what your kind of viewers are going through on a daily basis, isn't it?
Absolutely.
Can I help you?
Yes.
You have already?
I have.
Does she know really what brought this on?
I don't.
How many Twitter followers do you have now?
Only 165,000.
How about you, Piers?
I'm glad you asked.
But when people are really nasty or vicious, how do you deal with that?
I don't really see -- people, thank goodness, have been really nice to me.
Can you do anything about that?
Yes.
What's your address?
Ricki lake.
Why are you so convinced of your client's innocence?
Well, there's absolutely no evidence, and I mean no evidence that he was anywhere near Kathy Savio's house that date that she died.
It was a pretty strange set of facts if it doesn't involve homicide, wasn't it?
Well, not really when you look at it.
If so, what did you think of it?
First, I thought that Rob Lowe looked more like the state's attorney, Jim Glasgow, than he did like Drew.
Does it matter in a criminal case?
The only -- to some extent it does.
Do you have any theories yourself about what happened to Stacey Peterson?
I mean, Stacey Peterson is an ongoing investigation.
What kind of guy is he when there are no cameras around and he's not showing off a bit?
He's actually a very down to Earth guy, a very personable guy.
What are they going to do?
I know who's not going to be a member.
Who, me?
You.
When you heard Todd Akin's comments, what was your reaction?
Well, both that what he said was actually inaccurate and also very dangerous.
ORGAN: How would you have felt if you had been compelled to have that baby by the rapist who raped you?
Well, that is the key point.
Isn't that what a modern America should stand for?
You know, modern America has said, according to the Supreme Court, that it is cruel and unusual punishment to give the death penalty for rapists.
Why should that woman who feels that strongly the other way to you not have the same right that you did?
You know, I may not look the same as I did when I was 4 years old or 4 weeks old unborn in my mother's womb.
Well, what good is my right to anything as a woman if I don't have my right to life?
Well, let me just tell you, there -- you brought up people in a coma.
And what does it mean for the presidential battle?
Well, obviously, what he said is despicable and outrageous, and it's good at least to see his own party trying to banish him from the race.
What is the core of the problem for America incorporated, when you look at it, do you think?
You know, Piers, what we've really argued in this book is we didn't get here by accident.
I mean, what -- when you look at the Ryan Budget Plan, Romney's amendment of that, you look at what President Obama is saying, what do you think is the most sensible way forward for America to finance all this?
You know, there's no question to me that we have to agree on one thing, that the only way to deal with the budget deficit that big is with both tax revenue and spending cuts.
Tom, when you hear Romney talking tough on Iran, and we've also got the Syria situation bubbling away as well, do you think that the Romney/Ryan ticket has enough foreign policy experience to know what to do about these two crises?
I think they have an incredibly weak foreign policy biography between the two of them and a rather weak team, frankly.
And why shouldn't they assume it will be coming their way?
Well, you know, it's a very legitimate question.
Isn't it time that somebody did something?
The problem with Syria is that unlike other Arab awakening revolutions -- you know, Libya imploded.
How are you?
I'm well.
Yourself?
Here's the thing, I'm a Christian, you're a Christian.
Do you feel that being Christian has become almost a bad word in a country that's still predominantly Christian?
We have a branding problem probably.
Has he lived up to the expectation, hopes that you had?
Well, here's the -- I mean, I always avoided politics, especially as a comedian because you're alienating half the thing.
For you, Romney is the more likely of the candidates?
He's a successful businessman.
How likely is it that this hurricane could build up and hit Tampa?
Yes, you know, at least 10 percent now.
And regardless of whether the eye of the storm hits Tampa, is it pretty likely that Tampa would get some pretty extreme weather anyway?
That's correct.
So is it -- is it take the willies time or something a little stronger?
It's going to take -- it's going to take a couple of days for me to know it.
Or could this really bring the social issues of the right wing of the conservatives to the fore on this convention which could be damaging to Romney?
Yes, it might be a little bit more of the latter.
When people hear this and see this, they don't really know what they're voting for, do they, Bill?
Well, I think that in order for Romney to win, he's going to need minorities, he's going to need women, he's going to need swing states like Ohio and Pennsylvania and Florida.
Where's the consistency here, Amy?
Well, you know, I can't speak for Mitt Romney and his flip-flopping.
If it comes down to money buying an election, that can't be good for America democracy, can it?
No.
Do you feel comfortable as a Republican that it could come down to firepower and money from super PACs?
Well, a couple of corrections.
It's higher than when he took office?
It's 7.8 was the --
Are they going to punish him in November, do you think?
Well, we saw in 2010 that voters punished this unemployment rate.
What do you make of that?
Well, he's not going to step down because he's going to be a sympathetic figure for the far right within Missouri.
Or for women's rights more, isn't it?
Exactly.
But in getting Americans back to work, Barack Obama has not been very successful, has he?
OK, the final record is not yet a success.
What is your honest assessment of his performance as president in the last four years?
I start with a bias.
What's his biggest fault?
It's that sometimes he's too cool.
Do you still get as much fun out of it?
It's the audience.
What do you say to friends of yours like mine that say to you?
Well, the honest answer is, you saw the passion I have about politics, and I really do.
Will you ever quit that show?
I've told NBC Universal that I am going to stop.
Really?
When I'm 104.
So next year?
That's great.
That's next year then?
Oh.
What is it about the particular chemistry of you five now you think that's been so you successful?
You said it, when you said the C word.
Is actually likely that this is going to happen now from all that you see?
And I really would like to change the word fear and just replace with it a healthy concern.
What do you think about the possibility of a direct hit on Haiti or even just very extensive rain damage?
I think there's a lot of rain.
Are we going to see issues like abortion come into the fore or is it going to be swept away by the economy?
I mean, the economy is issue number one, two, three, four and five in this election, even though these other issues have come and been part of the dialogue every day.
Do you think that's fair?
Well, and probably even more than that is that he's not look like us.
Or do you think it's an easy bit of rhetoric that actually what you're looking at is historical positions of the Republican Party that are just slowly going slightly out of fashion?
I think that what's more important is that we bring the candidates on, we bring both parties on, and we let the audience make that decision for them.
What is your gut feeling about what real Americans care about?
I believe it's the economy.
Tell me when you get, you know, a run of things like the convention now then the election, what do you think collectively you guys need to bring as a show to the American audience?
I think we have to be able to offer the widest range of story and sample that we can.
But are you scared in yourself?
After you've gone through breast cancer as I did in 2007, and unfortunately, this is because of some of the treatment, saved my life.
And she's is a remarkable woman, isn't she, the way that she's been dealing with this?
Unbelievable.
I mean, George, for you, guys, does it get better than that, the morning TV battle?
It was pretty amazing because -- like you said, it's something that hadn't happened in so many years.
What do you want to do with the show?
I want to make it better.
Let me ask you, Lara, what do you feel collectively has made the difference here between you and "The Today Show" this year?
I think it's what we touched on all show.
Do you all hate each other behind closed doors?
I love that you picked on me for this.
So once you got a chance to sample it, how could you not choose that show?
We don't take joy in what's happening in other places.
When you made that speech, what was going through your mind?
It was great to be able to talk about him in so fitting -- in so fitting a way and before so many people that -- for whom he would be happy that I was in front of and for the reason I was.
In bed?
In bed.
What do you read?
I'm reading the history of Islam.
Do you read "In Style" magazine in bed, George?
Of course I do.
What do you think?
I can just pick up the ruins.
What on Earth are you thinking?
That might be the question that I've heard the most, Piers.
Is the Rocket firing on all cylinders?
The Rocket is almost firing on all cylinders.
This is what the real game plan is, isn't it, Roger?
Yes, everybody is saying that.
I want to come back out and show people what I'm still made of?
Well, a great question.
What happened?
You know, actually, (INAUDIBLE) this morning, because when I woke up this morning, for some reason, something was telling me not to go to work, like something told me to call the company and tell them I couldn't come in.
What did you see?
I was coming up from the Green Line.
Would you think that's probably right?
Yes.
Did anybody at any stage -- did your brother ever say he had a problem with this guy?
No, my brother is -- you know, he's such a loving uncle to his nieces and nephews.
What do you feel about guns in America right now?
You know, I don't think this is a referendum on guns in America.
IULIANI, FORMER NYC MAYOR (via telephone): How are you, Piers?
Fine.
What do you think should happen?
Well, you know, I think these -- the situations are not the right situations to pick to debate gun control, either this one or the one that took place a couple weeks ago.
Be honest, Rudy, do you think that was a little below the belt?
No, but I think it was not the most tasteful joke.
Are you excited about the convention, Rudy, or are you slightly apprehensive?
Oh, well, I'm only apprehensive because of the storm.
Were you as shocked as everybody else seems to have been when he threw the towel in?
Yes, he gave up.
What's the informed reaction?
Marion Jones never failed a drug test and she is known as one of the great cheaters of our time.
Do you think, Christine, there's any doubt Lance Armstrong was a cheat?
Well, I'm a journalist.
You don't do things by halves, do you?
No, I love big challenges.
Do you think either Romney or Obama has been courageous enough with their plan for the economy?
I think it's too early to know, quite frankly.
-- and taking a little wager that the American will reward them for that patriotic hit on their balance sheet by going out and buying more products?
Yes, I think it's an interesting idea.
When you were given the task by Steve Jobs of creating the Apple Store, what was the philosophy that you really wanted to create?
Well, you know, when we launched the Apple Store, Steve knew that for Apple to win, it was going to win on innovation.
Now how many failures did you have to go through first?
You had hundreds and hundreds and hundreds, as I recall.
Awkward to do that on camera, or are you two just such shameless exhibitionists that it just came naturally?
When we're not on set, we're often in a park just putting it all out there.
Did you know about this when you met?
Not when we first met, no.
How did you, in the end, get the self-determination to get yourself out of it?
Well, my only obsession that was stronger than that was working.
Is this true, that you waited for same sex marriage to be endorsed before you took the plunge yourselves?
In California specifically.
Are you both, I'm guessing, Obama supporters?
Yeah, we're liberals.
ORGAN: What does the prospect of a Romney presidency do to you?
Will it --
In what respect?
Any respect you like.
What do you think of your country?
I'll tell you, I read in "Vanity Fair" how Putin dealt with some of his adversaries in Russia.
Be honest?
I didn't.
You're a kind of fiery, emotional, soulful character, aren't you -- on and often stage?
I'm just trying to live this interesting life we all have in front of us.
When you look at your extraordinary life professional and personal, how do you feel now about where you've arrived, where you are right now?
I think at this point, I'm 51 now, I've realized, oh, it's just a journey.
You're never actually going to arrive, are you?
No.
What's been the moment if I could replay it for you, you'd relive?
Ooh.
When was that?
That was 1994 unplugged, MTV.
Was it as good as you always hoped?
Yes, looking back on it.
That's the kind of music you want to get your little Chevy, get on the, you know, I don't know the Pacific Coast highway, get the shades on, ramp up the Etheridge, isn't it?
Yes.
Properly in love?
Yes.
So, before you felt that you'd been in love, but you haven't been able to give that person the whole you?
Well, I -- myself was, I felt owed; they'll fill this up.
Have I cracked the Holy Grail of love?
Terribly cheesy phrase, I know.
Because it's when you're the most searing, isn't it?
Well, it depends on how you look at it .
Can you write good stuff if you're really happy?
Yes.
Can you?
Yes.
-- from the artistry of your songwriting, if I said, write, you can be in this kind of existential state of pure bliss for the next 30 years, or torment, which would produce the better music, the better songs?
See, as you ask me that, this state of bliss you're talking about cannot exist without the other side, without the darker side.
What would produce the better songs?
The contrast of misery, of course, is going to -- the contrast, that -- it's the desire to be out of that, into the bliss.
Or are you still thinking, you know what, a lot of talk, not enough action?
Having been on the journey of getting towards gay and lesbian rights, equality, understanding, diversity in America, 20 years ago, started the, you know, no, I was hoping in 10 years it would all be -- we'd all feel comfortable about it.
But do you feel that the them that is you and those who are, again, lesbian like you, are in a much better position now that you have a president prepared to go on television and say, "I support"?
Absolutely.
Is there more tolerance?
Tolerance, you know, I don't even like to use the word tolerance.
What's the right word?
Because it sounds like, you know, I'm doing something that you have to tolerate.
But you feel it's getting better, even in states like Kansas?
Especially Kansas, because I came from the Kansas in the '60s, which was the middle of the civil rights movement.
And what do you think is the potential prospect of a Mitt Romney presidency?
OK.
What -- is that linked to what you said to me, that basically you've learned to love yourself?
Yes.
But do you?
Yes, you can.
What is the longest period you've ever had, where you literally couldn't write a song, of any quality at all?
Wow, well, I started writing when I was 10.
Do you get long blank periods, though?
No, I don't.
Why did you feel that?
I was being a good grownup.
If, God forbid, you were struck again by cancer, it came back or whatever, would you take marijuana?
Oh, yes.
What do you want to be in five years' time?
I want to still be creating.
What are you shaking your head for?
I've had an interesting few days.
How do you feel about that?
I feel that it is an unfair judgment and usually made from assumptions and from people who haven't read the book.
And if so, what is is the real Rielle Hunter?
I believe most people have the wrong idea about me, yes.
What do you think your public perception is right now?
Destroyer, villain, evil, basher.
And how much of that is fair and how much of it is unfair, do you think?
I think all of it is unfair.
For the public perception?
Well, the perception is based on a series of assumptions that you broke up John Edwards' marriage.
All of it?
He is responsible for his career and his marriage.
What are you responsible for?
I'm responsible for my part in that, being the third party.
Would you?
I would.
Do you think this is it, no?
I have no idea.
What is the truth?
It felt like the right thing at the time.
What is the truth?
The truth is we've had problems for a very long time that we haven't addressed because we put the children first.
Are you surprised?
I'm -- what surprises me most is how mean people are and how much they judge based on things that they don't know anything about.
About me?
Yes.
Do you if it wasn't for his other children who have such strong feelings, particularly his oldest daughter who is obviously a fully fledged adult now who can make her own decisions, do you think if it wasn't for that and for their strong emotions about all this, you'd still be together?
I have no idea.
Does your gut feeling tell you that?
I have no idea.
How can you say one event breaks up a relationship?
Because you've broken up in the week that the book has come out.
You know, obviously -- did he read the book?
In my life, things happen all at once.
Before publication?
UNTER: Not before publication.
Did you offer it to him?
Many times.
Why did he say no?
You would have to ask him that.
Why did he tell you?
He didn't want to.
Why?
He'd lived it.
Did he try to stop you from writing it?
No.
When did he read it?
You should talk to him about this.
So he has read the book?
Well, I don't want to talk about that.
You won't talk about your book?
I want to talk about my -- yes, I do, but you can --
What are the boundaries?
The media is not entitled to everything in your life.
Can you read it?
Yes, I can read it.
You can?
Yes.
Do you look back wistfully at those kind of clips and think, God, if only it could stayed like that, before anybody knew?
No, I don't have those thoughts.
Why were you smiling?
Because it was fun, funny.
Why does the media make everything so salacious?
Because you put salacious material in your book.
ORGAN: Was it or wasn't it?
Oh my God.
Walked right into that one, didn't I?
You made no secret of it being the best sex of your life.
Do they?
I never thought of it like that.
Who was the witch on wheels?
I was talking about passive aggressive relationships, when a man doesn't stand up -- in general, relationships in general, when the man doesn't stand up, the woman is often seen as a witch on wheels, often vilified, which incidentally is exactly what has happened to me.
But you were obviously referring to Elizabeth, right?
No.
Do you accept that when somebody is dead and can't answer back, it looks graceless?
It accept it looks graceless, yes.
So you based everything in the book that you say about her on what John Edwards told you?
When you're in a relationship with a married man, that's how you're going to receive information about his marriage.
You don't know if you can trust him?
I don't know if I trust him about everything that he said.
Are you sorry for what you did to her?
I am sorry.
If she was still alive, would you say to her I'm sorry?
Absolutely.
Going back to that moment, what would you have done differently?
Oh, I never would have gone along with that.
Why did you?
Out of fear.
True?
Not true.
When you heard him and saw him do that, what went through your mind?
I was devastated.
ORGAN: Why did he think he could get away with it, yeah?
I don't think he was in his right mind when he did that.
How did you find out, really know the truth?
John told me.
That must feel weird, doesn't it, watching that kind of clip?
Yes, feels sad.
What goes through your mind?
Nothing went through my mind, I just felt sad.
How could this end in anything but a catastrophic manner if this guy wants to be president?
That was a mistake.
Whose idea was that?
That was a mistake.
Whose idea was that?
That was a mistake.
What does it matter?
I'm curious.
So it was his idea?
That was not true.
Whose idea was it not to use birth control?
We were both adults.
Why?
We were in love.
Like what were you both thinking?
We weren't.
At all?
Clearly.
You've been married before?
I have been married before.
You're a marriage wrecker?
UNTER: Yes, no, I understand marriage very well.
I just think there's got to be a level of responsibility and self awareness, hasn't there?
There is.
Are you responsible at all?
I am not married.
But you knew he was married?
I did.
What has that been like on a human level?
It's hard.
What are you responsible for?
I'm responsible for the continuing on of the cover up in a big way and the continuation and the hurt and pain that came out of that.
But you don't regret going to his hotel that night?
I don't regret loving him.
Yes, but you don't regret that action of yours, as a woman who knows he's a famous guy who's married, going to his hotel room for the night, which precipitated everything else, You don't regret that?
I do regret.
Given all of the publicity that the book has attracted, would you have written it a different way?
I think that I would have edited a little differently.
If John's kids are watching this, and they might well be, his daughter in particular, what would you say to her?
That I'm sorry for any pain that they've gone through.
Genuinely sorry?
Oh, absolutely.
Are you more acutely aware, as she gets older, what you put them through?
Yeah.
Chad, in terms of just big picture, over the next eight hours here in New Orleans, I mean, until I think about 8:00 AM, you were saying before, what are we looking at, and for folks in this region?
Well, on and off, exactly what you're feeling right now.
Chad, are you still anticipating, though, about 20 inches of rain total here?
I absolutely do.
but Chad, when are you anticipating landfall in Grand Isle?
The outer north part of the eyewall has made landfall now.
How many eyes have you been in in your lifetime?
A handful.
What's the significance of that?
Well, it's pretty much the MO of this storm has been its big circulation.
I don't know -- did you see that?
Oh, yes (INAUDIBLE)
So how much water do you think you have in your house now?
Well, it's pouring in through the ceiling.
Even before the storm, you had a problem with salt water coming up the Mississippi, right?
Absolutely.
But how have you seen in the last hour in particular the atmosphere changing around you?
Yes.
Is that easy how to know that?
Yes, that's it.
And I suppose crucially, how do you think these reinforcements, which are multibillion reinforcements, are going to hold up to what is now going on?
Yes.
What do you feel?
Well, you know, every disaster is different and, you know, until people are testing with the kind of level of storm they had with Katrina, it's hard to compare.
And tell me Billy, is this the worst storm that you have seen in New Orleans since Katrina?
Yes, that in (INAUDIBLE) absolutely is.
Do they feel confident in the local and state, and federal authorities that everything has been done that can could be done to protect them?
Yes.
What is going on?
Yes.
Are you confident that with all of the reinforcements, the billions and billions of dollars that was spent, are you confident we're not going to see any scenes even remotely like the appalling scenes that we saw in Katrina?
I would say that the levee is a lot better shape.
What is the best advice that you would give them based on all of your experience from Katrina?
Yes.
What do you do if your home is basically beginning to fall apart?
Go to the safest place in the home, gather everybody and you got to put some type of a mattress or something over you and your family and then call 911 and get a-hold of emergency services because the power line most likely will be down outside and it's in the dark.
Can you describe for me what is going on now?
You can see we really are in the midst of what is the most powerful rain band that we've had here all day.
These are very expensive reinforced levees put in up to Katrina seven years to the day by extraordinary co-incidence, how do you believe they are holding up?
They are performing exactly as we anticipated they were.
Is that the way you're reading it?
Absolutely, and we said that all along.
Are you getting any reports from local people yet of injuries or any extensive serious flooding?
We haven't heard any yet.
But if they start to suffer serious structural damage to their homes, what is the best thing to do then if they can't stay in their homes?
Well, certainly the parishes in which they live all have emergency places where you can go and you can evacuate.
So he was a bit naughty on the facts, wasn't he?
Well, look, when people give speeches, not every fact is always absolutely accurate.
What did you make of that?
I thought that was brilliant.
Are you concerned about that?
Well, they certainly have a lot more than Barack Obama did when Barack Obama got elected president of the United States.
I mean, wouldn't you want her as secretary of state again?
I had never seen Condoleezza give a political speech.
Really?
I mean, she has given a lot of foreign policy addresses.
Are you a Led Zeppelin, AC/DC man or more of an elevator music guy?
IULIANI: I am Luciano Pavarotti, Placido Domingo man.
Does it matter for presidential candidates or running mates, what they listen to on their iPods?
It does matter that they listen to music.
Tomorrow Mitt Romney has got to make the speech of his life, hasn't he?
Yes.
Governor Luis Fortuno, how are you?
Very well, thank you.
What was the feeling in the room tonight?
ORBETT: Oh, there was electricity in the room.
A home run for you, too?
I believe so, actually.
They've got a bit of a point, haven't they?
Well, the point is they've had four years to fix it and they haven't.
What advice would you give him if you were having a private conversation with him now?
Number one issue out there is jobs.
I don't buy it, do you?
Well, I think once you've been on that stage and you come back to the stage for a moment, you really show how good you are on the stage.
Are you concerned at all that he may not have the details to back up the bigger broad picture plan?
Not at all.
What's your sense?
Let me tell you, as an Hispanic, when we get around the dinner table, we talk about jobs, we talk about education, to the extent that both Governor Romney and Paul Ryan can deliver a message, a clear message on both issues, that will come across very strongly.
We have heard a lot more, Governor, about Mitt Romney as the man, as the father, as the grandfather, as the husband, is that helping him, do you think, as the American public get to see another side to the guy?
I think it helps him very much so.
He has got to rock this crowd tomorrow, hasn't he?
I agree.
You must feel at home in a room like this, don't you?
Yes.
How are you going to respond next week?
Well, you know, Piers, the conventions aren't just about what happens in the convention hall.
Now are you joining the party in the Grill now?
I may for a little bit.
What is the real guy like?
I think you saw the real guy there last night.
Did I say that?
Yes.
But he was a bit disingenuous with some facts today, wasn't it?
No, he wasn't.
But what about his GM plum that closed under President Bush that he blamed Obama for in?
I haven't researched that.
What else have you got?
That's not bad.
It's pretty awful to blame him for a plum that closed under the Republican administration?
We're talking about big ideas.
Are you concerned that will be perceived as anti-women?
I think what the issue is that extremists, when Barack Obama has voted four time to say, if you have a failed abortion and the baby is born alive, you are not allowed to save it.
Is it really advisable to have people like Todd Akin raring their ugly heads coming out with all this gunfire about rape?
I was a prosecutor.
Why would you do that when they basically want to get rid of you?
Well, this election is bigger than a single issue.
Do you believe in gay marriage?
I do, I do.
And so, how can you really support the ticket which is so resolutely opposed not just the gay marriage, but to most gay right?
Right.
I mean, don't you know why there is such a disregarded thing?
Well, yes.
Would you do that?
I would do that.
Jimmy?
Jobs in the economy first.
What was your thought?
Yes.
He was pretty disingenuous with the facts, wasn't he?
Well, this is the point I was going to bring up.
In he going to nail it, or is he going to be, as he is often with these speeches, a little bit disappointing?
I saw him four years ago a couple times and he was really boring.
Maeve, how is he going to appeal to you women like you?
Well, just on the presentation part.
He would?
-- and the chart, the power point.
What are you looking for?
I think it's like Maeve said -- he kind of -- there's that old Hillary Clinton, she's got to be likable enough.
Why don't people like him?
Because they don't know him.
Ben?
That's not the business I'm in.
Hit or miss?
I think he will just hit.
Ryan?
He will probably be a hit.
Hit or miss?
Easy audience, probably be a hit.
What went -- what went on out there?
Well, I think the fact that we're talking about it on Mitt Romney's big night tells you it was a distraction.
Did you find it embarrassing?
I did.
How do you rate it?
It's a very close race, and so you have to understand success is in the eye of the beholder.
Were you palpitating?
No!
Were you thinking, What the hell is Dirty Harry doing up there?
Look, Clint Eastwood is Clint Eastwood, and the crowd loved it.
Who made the better speech, Mitt or Ann Romney?
Mitt.
Has he resonated with America's women?
Yes, absolutely, the whole convention.
How are you, Piers?
You know Clint Eastwood well.
What did you -- what did you make of what happened tonight?
Well, listen, I think it depends on which side you're on in all of this.
I mean, it's pretty dangerous to do that, isn't it?
Exactly.
How did you think Mitt Romney did tonight?
I think he was wonderful tonight.
What's he going to do now?
OIGT: Well, he's going to go back and do the work that he needs to do.
What did you think?
Well, I think the fact that the most commentary following Mitt Romney's speech is about an empty chair says more about Mitt Romney than it does about Barack Obama.
When you saw Clint Eastwood going off like he did, were you punching the air with delight?
No, I actually thought it was a little bit sad.
When you -- when you group (ph) next week and have your own convention, what are the warning signals that you have to really be alert to?
Well, I think we're going to have a great convention next week.
Are you grouping (ph) around Hollywood, finding your own stars to speak, or is that idea gone on the back burner now?
You know, our stars are the middle class and working families and the people that are powering our campaign and that will carry Barack Obama back to the White House for a second term on their shoulders.
Are we going to carry on seeing very, very unpleasant attack ads through his super-PAC, the very same super-PAC ads that Barack Obama vowed not get involved with?
Well, Barack Obama isn't involved with super-PACs.
Do you believe Karl Rove is still weaving his magic behind the scenes?
Absolutely.
Isn't it as simple as that?
Well, it is as simple as that but is the case of election being for sale.
What about saying we're not going to try to win this by money alone?
Well, that's a recipe -- you have David Coke in the New York delegation saying he will give as much as $40 million.
Even in the "Wall Street Journal" Rove's own colleagues are saying isn't this a complete perversion of the electoral process?
To Penn Jillette.
So when the Supreme Court gave a green license to all of this, you were quite happy, were you, even though the effects surely, surely is that there will be an ever bigger corruption about the American process?
I don't know -- if you don't have, that if you don't allow people to spend money, then incumbents always win.
Does it get any better for a columnist in the history of journalism than Clint Eastwood going bonkers on the stage?
In this convention, it was awesome.
Who do you make on it?
I know.
It will be, what the hell was Clint Eastwood's smoking?
You know, there was nothing to say that it was completely da-da.
Why are you fringing, Maeve?
I think also the reason it was so tense-worthy for the Romney campaign is that they are the most button downed control campaign that I have ever seen.
But you have Romney advisers staring open-mouthed like statues wondering, what in the hell is he going to say next?
He must have clear the empty chairs then.
What would it do to the party's reputation that they unleashed Clint Eastwood tonight and he did what he did?
I think these things are supposed to be very carefully scripted infomercials with this very, very careful messages to frame Mitt Romney as the avatar, this young, new kind of head -- maybe not hip but certainly fresh face for the Republican Party.
Ryan, did Mitt Romney do enough tonight, do you think, to satisfy not just the party but the outer world?
I don't know.
Mitt Romney, hit or miss?
Well, I don't know.
Ben?
I think Penn Jillette is auditioning for the role of Clint Eastwood next week.
Maeve?
I think Obama really needs to lay out his agenda for a second term and we are still waiting for that.
Joel?
I want - I think he can get Clint Eastwood to come to both conventions.
You say he seems laid back, is that what you said?
Yes.
Can you do it without the earpiece in?
No, no, no one was giving me any information.
What do you think?
You know you don't worry about the negativity.
Are you completely wedded and fined up to these positions that the party takes?
You know, obviously we're not running for president so our positions don't really matter.
Do you wish sometimes that the language used by the Republicans was less emotive?
I think my dad's been very compassionate in his views.
What are the great assets of being a Mormon, that you would advocate?
Well, in a view brief sentences, I guess, for me, at least, it's taught me great values in my life, how to live my life, how to treat other people, just like a lot of faiths that are out there that are a lot of great things about Mormonism, how to -- you know, how to live your life and treat your neighbor and love others.
Do you ever feel like, damn it, I wish we hadn't been Mormons?
These are all things that have been great blessings in my life at least.
Craig, this time with you, do you think actually it's a great asset?
You know, I hope so.
When you get people attacking him for his success and his wealth?
You know, as Tagg pointed out earlier, this is the game of politics and we're prepared for that.
Knowing your father as you do, can you guarantee to the American people he's got nothing to hide about his finances?
Yes.
Ben?
Frugal.
Frugal?
Qualified.
If you were going to tear down the president, how would you do it?
I've done that many times.
When it comes to the president, do you think he's an honest man?
Yes.
You do?
Sure.
You don't think he misleads the American public?
Well, listen, I think he misleads people in political commercials.
Has he been dead wrong about everything or can you find things to credit him with?
I think on certain areas of education policy I agree with him, trying to empower charter schools and choice around the country.
What are the qualities that maybe we're not aware of?
I mean, this is a man with an extraordinarily good heart.
Is Thursday the time for him to sort of metaphorically rip open his jacket and say, this is the real Mitt?
I hope he does, because if he does, the American people are going to like him and trust him and make him the next president of the United States.
What do you say to that?
First of all, the statistic that it's the highest in 35 years is wrong.
Who do you blame, yourself or Barack Obama, for unemployment in New Jersey?
HRISTIE: The fact of the matter is that the national economy has a huge effect on what happens in New Jersey.
Did you have literally no aspirations to be leader of the free world?
Listen, since last October, I've traveled to 15 different states for Mitt Romney.
Is he a guy who can relate to the ordinary Americans in the street?
And I'd say there's two factors to this.
It's one the problems, transparency here, that people know he's very rich and there are ongoing concerns about exactly why he got to be so rich?
I happened -- again, I may be an aberration, but I think his wealth was earned.
Is it possible to get this deficit significantly reduced from $16 trillion without some tax increase?
It's possible, sure.
What is your take on it?
CCAIN: I think he's in pretty good shape.
As a Republican, how do you feel about that?
I'm sorry for that.
Dr. Rice, how are you?
I'm very well, thank you.
At the moment, there's a perception that Mitt Romney's decided, you know, Barack Obama, I can't beat him with the black vote, so there's no point wasting time and energy chasing a vote I'm not going to get?
Well, look, there was great pride -- and I shared it -- in America's first black president.
You really didn't want that?
No, I really didn't want that.
Are you 100 percent or 99.99?
Piers, I wrote a memoir called "No Higher Honor."
Have you chosen your first partner to play with you?
No, but I'm working on it.
You ready?
Well, I banned myself until they allowed women back, so I've now released my own ban.
That is not what has happened, is it?
Well, what has happened is a dramatic expansion of government entitlement programs and programs like -- and more to come, Obamacare, which is a huge government expansion that is going to, quote, "guarantee people health insurance," which of course, you know, it does not necessarily mean health care.
Why go after things which just don't really stack up?
Well, I would make the argument that when you dramatically expand the size and scale of government, when you dramatically expand social welfare programs, when you provide waivers to work requirements, as he did -- people don't talk about this, but two years ago, he did a waiver to Food Stamp's work requirement, and Food Stamps have exploded.
Gloria, what did you think?
Yes, I thought she did.
How do you reinforce the kind of story that you guys can tell America?
Well, it means that there's this -- as Joaquin has said many times -- he's campaigning for Congress these days -- but this sort of infrastructure of opportunity, of strong public schools, of good universities, of student aid, of those things that it takes to experience opportunity in America.
What do you think?
Well, what I think is that when folks compare where the nation was when President Obama took office -- and you heard several speakers say that -- losing 750,000 to 800,000 jobs a month, and then you compare where we are now, of 29 straight months of private sector job growth, 4.5 million new jobs -- that I'm confident he's going to lay out the case very convincingly for why, even though we haven't made the -- we're not where we want to be.
Are you pleased to see that?
I am.
What did you make of that?
Well, I think that to have Jimmy Carter -- I think he emphasizes foreign policy, and I think President Obama has a very good foreign policy.
If I'm an independent voter, I'm saying, What in God's name is he talking about?
Governor Rendell, Governor Richardson, thank you both very much.
What did you make of it, watching from wherever you were in the convention hall?
Well, it was bittersweet, once (ph) because he wasn't there to be there in person, but he was there in spirit.
What did you make of it?
Well, you know, I guess I share your sense of irony on that.
Is it better now?
IZZA: It's better, but I'll be honest.
What was your -- your feeling when you finished up?
Pride.
Why is that?
Well, we have a commitment through all faith traditions that our values are reflected in our policy, and that means that we should look out for the least of these, that we should fight for the middle class, that we should help everyone in America have an opportunity to be successful and...
Right, but was the word "God" deliberately taken out, or was it a mistake?
Oh, of course not.
It was a mistake?
We have a platform that actually reflects the values of many faith traditions and...
Are you worried about that?
We are focused on continuing to run the most significant dynamic grassroots presidential campaign.
Wouldn't that be nice?
I'd be gathering around her.
Debbie?
Deservedly so.
Would you agree, as I said earlier, would you agree that we are better off than we were three and a half years ago?
No, because we still have 23 million people unemployed and I think that if you were going --
Or is it a lot more likely that it was for political expedience?
Well, a couple of things there, Piers.
Was it wrong of Democrats to use that footage, do you think, in a video to Senator Kennedy?
No, but you would have to ask -- I think that we have a lot bigger problems to worry about than what the Democrats are doing with their web videos.
When you are Mitt Romeny's communication director and you're here in Charlotte, North Carolina in the middle of thousands of Democrats, is it a lonely place to find yourself, Gail?
No, we're talking about the things that the Democrats aren't.
Well, their argument is now that they inherited the mother of all policies and you don't dispute that?
Sure, you're going to see blaming, you're going to see scapegoats.
A win?
Oh, great.
Having watched it now, what did you think?
It was more powerful than I thought.
She's not going to stand on a platform in front of billions of people and start banging on about all the negatives, is she?
Right, right.
Hilary?
Well, you know, one of the things we saw with the Democrats this weekend and it goes to the platform it's this is not sort of a, you know, point by point soft to the right wing the way the Republican platform has been.
Hilary, how do you dispute the fact that it doesn't look like we are in better shape in America?
Well, there are stats on both sides.
Is this about the base?
No.
They're going to be crucial, aren't they?
I think the first presidential debate is the biggest night of Mitt Romney's political life now because the Democrats did not stumble here.
He fact checks himself, right?
But actually, that is not even a joke.
And if you can't have him, can we have him in Britain to be prime minister?
He would very much like that, and if you would help him do that, he'd also repeal any other amendment so that you could be his vice president, Piers.
What did she say when you got backstage?
Oh, she actually came backstage and just said, Awesome.
Was she emotional?
She was emotional and excited and actually really fired up.
From a business point of view, have you heard anything here that makes you feel infused, encouraged for the future of business under Barack Obama?
There's several things, and I see it first through the eyes of someone in the energy sector.
To guarantee victory, where do you still see a bit of weakness that you have to tighten up on?
I'm not sure I see weakness.
What would be good news for Barack Obama, and what would be a warning sign?
I think you have to continue to see an increase in the jobs produced in the private sector.
What do you think the answer is?
Well, first of all, when Romney talked about 12 million jobs, he never laid out a plan.
Ari?
Well, I think the central issue here is that President Obama's in trouble, but Bill Clinton is not.
David Gergen, your top takeaway?
Two.
What's your assessment?
You know, I think he probably just broadened it out, rather than just having it Google-specific.
And it's interesting he mentioned Steve Jobs -- he mentioned Steve Jobs, and most of the work that Apple does is where?
In China.
You're quite fascinating, aren't you?
Thanks.
How do you reinforce the kind of story that you guys can tell America?
Well, it means that there's this -- as Joaquin has said many times.
What do you think?
Well, what I think is that when folks compare where the nation was when President Obama took office and you heard several speakers say that, losing 750,000 to 800,000 jobs a month and then you compare where we are now, 29 straight months of private sector job growth, 4.5 million new jobs, that I'm confident he's going to lay out the case very convincingly for why even though we haven't made the -- we're not where we want to be, we have made significant progress.
How fired up are you about this election?
I am incensed --
What do you think of the way they've been going at each other and the issues that are likely to be the determining issues?
I think the most exciting -- may be exciting for me because I'm over here on the left.
Are you voting for the party?
I don't think as a party they have a clear directive anymore.
Do you think that the dream that you grew up with has changed?
Well, yes, probably.
The whole thing about Pussy Riots in Russia was ridiculous, wasn't it?
Of course it is.
Then the traditional singer goes off and, you know, wants to be the new Michael Jackson, right?
Yes, I had to find a vehicle big enough for my ego.
What was it like the second time around to get back with the group and do your thing again?
Well, you know, we were because I think in the middle of the solo records we did the greatest hits.
He wears those -- like all he wears is like the jogging suits, right?
ORGAN: Yes.
Hey, how can I help you?
Well, I have a guitar here for you to take a look at.
Where in the world did you get this?
I got this from my father.
Is it because, in fact, ironically, America is suffering economically and when that happens, a business like yours tends to do well?
That's sort of a misnomer.
I mean who comes in your store?
It's everybody, especially our store.
I know there must be a lot of surprises, but when you look back, what have been the moments you go, wow, when somebody's brought something in that's really knocked your socks off?
That happens actually a lot.
This is actually the battle plan for Iwo Jima, is that right?
Yes.
Who brought this in?
It was a person, his father had been on Iwo Jima.
How do you assess a value?
.
Would you remember even the ballpark?
I think is it was right around $3,500, something like that.
Really?
Yes.
So 8 grand, it's coming off the wall right?
Eight thousand dollars or an Iwo Jima plan, I'll take the 8 grand.
So, do you remember his story?
Yes, I -- I think his story was basically that he, you know, he got injured, wasn't able to compete in 2000 and was doing some other things.
ORGAN: So do you remember his story?
Yeah.
What were they -- how do you quantify an Olympic medal?
That's a very difficult thing, because they rarely if ever get on the market.
Do you remember what you paid him for it?
Actually, I gave him a loan on them.
So he'll never get them back?
No.
Sad, isn't it?
It's sad but --
Do you ever feel sad, or is the lesson you hand down to your son, you can't afford to get emotionally involved?
One of the things is a pawn broker with a heart is usually a pawn broker out of business.
Is there anything you would turn down?
Yeah --
ORGAN: Have you ever turned anything down?
We won't take any German World War II items.
Really?
I won't do it.
Is there any other sort of thing you feel strongly you wouldn't want to be party to?
I mean, just anything in that area.
And I suppose the obvious question is what is the most expensive thing that you've ever bought?
It's a real easy one.
Do people actually walk in with gold bars?
Oh, yeah, every day.
Tell us the biggest -- what's the biggest chunk of gold you've ever had to deal with?
I can't remember what it was.
Five hundred thousand dollars, really?
Yes.
What is the -- if you're smart, what is the markup if you move quickly on something like that?
In our shop, it's weird.
So on that kind of thing, that huge amount of gold?
One percent I'm happy with.
Really?
I mean, it's a lot of people don't understand we're in business, would say, I would never do that for one percent.
Take the cash when you can?
Yeah, you have to -- I mean, it's business.
How are you?
I'm very well.
How are you doing?
I'm disappointed actually because --
Why?
I've just imagined I would meet the rebellious, explosive, spitfire, the angry young woman.
You are, aren't you?
Respectful.
You can vote in the American election?
I can indeed.
Have you voted before?
I have voted long distance as I traveled.
What is your leaning?
My meaning is towards the spiritual activism, less the political one.
When you travel around the world as you do, usually successfully, what impression do you get about America these days?
Well, I can share mine and then others.
What is Britain?
The Britain are the thoughtful, intellectual --
Handsome?
I dare say.
Have you detected it changing in the last few years?
I -- upon chatting with a lot of people around the planet, I think a lot of people are -- perceive America to be a little narcissistic and a little traumatized.
You're into this attachment parenting, aren't you?
Yeah.
Your son is two now, right?
Almost.
Do you mind me asking?
Yeah, I do.
Are you still breast feeding?
Yes.
Are you heading into the four or five-year-old breastfeeding possibility?
I live in the present moment.
Now, how has marriage and parenting calmed you down?
I would say I'm less reactive.
What's the most passionate when you've written a song ever?
I think anger can move worlds.
What was the song you wrote?
Just this morning.
When you look back, can you remember writing a big song that was just driven out sheer, blind fury?
Yeah, reflecting on ex-boyfriends can bring that out in any woman I think, or any man, frankly.
Who gets to say that?
We're also unfortunately have to get around to talking about music.
What's that all about?
It wasn't in real time, so it was super disconcerting.
If I said to you when you were a young Alanis in Canada, you're going to end up married to a rapper called Mario Soul Eye Treadway, and have a son called Ever, would you have believed me?
I would have said thank Christ; can I skip over all the hard part and wait for him.
Is this true love for you?
Yeah.
So in love is a little bit of a tough term for me What does that even mean?
Where your heart either aches or breaks.
So you're just a incurable romantic?
I was a love addict through and through.
Were you drawn to constantly inappropriate men?
I was drawn to the back walking away, as the beautiful P.M. Melody (ph) would say in her book.
How did you know this guy was for you?
Values being the same.
Do you pray?
I pray all the time.
The interview to end?
No.
Whereas the answer is probably compromise I would guess, right?
I don't know if compromise is actually the word.
Do you like being a celebrity?
I love it.
What year?
2016.
That was lower?
Yes.
Isn't it obvious?
I'll tell you, if you give me equal man and woman, the difference is, if you watch a Saturday morning TV commercial, a woman -- a girl -- it's always four girls playing together, it's always one boy go, I won.
But Suze, have you seen that women are much more reticent to ask for a raise than men?
Yes.
Men, are you kidding?
We're the fixers.
Is this dumb guy talking?
I don't think they decide it, but I think it can help them, it can enhance.
What do you -- when you say utility, what do you mean?
Utility shows like "The Doctors," should take home, shows like what Suze does where people could take something away.
Is that a relevant subject matter anymore?
I think there's always room for something good.
You know where I'm going with this?
No, I know exactly --
One guy and four women, something like that?
Yes.
I think she could be a huge -- look at what she did?
You're an ABC person.
You're going to the airport today, I say you don't have to take off your shoes, you go (INAUDIBLE)?
I'm happy to take them off.
So here's the real question, how many women on this panel read that book?
I actual did for research.
You do read it?
Of course I did.
But Serena, do you know what it's about?
I know what it's about.
Did you read it?
I know the basic premise.
Donny -- are you a spanker?
No, absolutely not.
Is that intimidating to a lot of men?
I think it is.
Are you intimidated by me, Donny?
If you and I --
You're gorgeous, so I'm curious, do you run into that?
Yes, I do.
How many years?
That's 59 years the way they care for each other.
How do you live normal?
It's difficult but for me, I'm just normal individual.
Why do we care?
They're the royals.
Does that mean Serena, as a tennis star, does she have an obligation to young people to act a certain way?
No.
Does Piers know we're here?
No.
What is it?
Divorce is very painful.
Did you ever doubt yourself yesterday?
I did, I did.
What was the turning point for you?
Believe it or not, very much the same is that an Orman never -- my mother always taught me that an Orman nerve gives up.
Where does this come from?
The common thing you both said it is came from your parents.
When we come back, I'm going to ask each one of you what year will be our first female president?
That's easy.
What year?
2016.
Is that a Hillary?
Yes.
Lara?
I hope never.
Lara?
I think he did what he set out to do.
Should he have stayed home?
I think for the party he should have stayed home, because I don't think it really helped in the long run.
Do you guys think it damaged his brand at all?
No, no.
I think he was in a pizza place?
That's awesome.
Let's start with you, Serena?
No, I don't think so.
Do you think that was staged?
No, I'm just saying, when you see him at baseball games -- no, no, of course that was not staged.
The question was, what would Mitt have done in that situation?
God, I have no idea what he would do there or in any situation, for that matter.
Are you kidding me?
OK, more lightning round, Suze.
Suze?
Well, if you didn't know -- just on the surface, because this is -- who knows them, really.
Serena?
I think each of the -- I'm going to give a politically correct answer, because I do know Kim and I think she's a great girl.
Is there a connection here?
Well, from what I have been led to believe, as I stand here, there's no connection yet identified as to the coordination.
What do you make of this?
They are in a really tough neighborhood and there's a lot of uncertainty now that surrounds them.
What happened there?
Well, I can tell you that clearly I walked out of the meeting with the understanding that the Israeli government is a little frustrated with the lack of certainty on where -- on behalf of the United States.
What's going on here?
Well, I think that -- look, Prime Minister Netanyahu can reach the president any time he wants.
As a strong supporter of Israel, what do you say?
Well, here's what I'd say.
On this 11th anniversary of 9/11, where do you see the greatest threat to the United States?
Well, here's another thing.
Where were you exactly on that evening at 9:00 p.m. 11 years ago today?
I was at a temporary command center that Governor Pataki and I had set up at the New York City Police Academy on 22nd Street.
When I look back on it?
LITZER: Yes.
Is that possible?
Sure, sure.
So what did you make of the Democrat's convention?
Well, I thought they were two very interesting conventions.
...that would allow that to once again come into play?
No.
And Mitt Romney participated when you did it as well?
Well I mean I debated Mitt maybe 11 times, 12 times in '07, going into '08.
That could be lively?
That will be very lively and it ends up being a more important debate for Paul Ryan than it does for Joe Biden.
Howard, let me ask you, how are you doing tonight?
Every year on September 11th -- and you know it's the toughest day in the world for us.
How did you learn that a plane -- yes, a plane had crashed into the North Tower?
I was standing in front of my son's nursery school or Kindergarten.
What did he tell her?
You know, my sister picked up the phone and my sister, Edi, runs our relief fund.
Why was it so important to reopen so quickly?
Well, one of our competitors named Broker Tech was really pushing to open, because this was their big chance, you know.
You think they should change that or try to change that?
I'll tell anybody -- I'm telling you.
But do you worry about future terror threats in New York?
Of course.
Are you thinking -- are you thinking all of us are better prepared now?
Well, I'm certain that we are better prepared.
You want to tell our viewers which candidate you are leaning toward?
You know, I'm probably leaning -- in the presidential race toward Romney.
What is the latest in Libya?
Well, Wolf, what we're hearing here from government officials is that they have started an investigation into this incident to try and figure out what happened.
What is going on in Cairo?
Well, Wolf, what's going on is we have a hundred -- a few hundred protesters and the police battling it out.
What does it say to you?
Well, I think the United States is already playing a role in sending FBI forces to help investigate, find out who was responsible.
For how many years have you known him?
At least 20.
And he worked hard to get rid of Gadhafi through these rebels?
Absolutely.
What would he want the United States to do towards Libya in the aftermath of what has happened, this tragic killing of him and three of his colleagues?
I think he'd say not -- do not waiver, that the United States was on a course to try to help facilitate a very traumatic transition in many of these countries.
Does this look, I mean these two events, in Cairo, storming of the U.S. embassy, in Benghazi, the U.S. diplomatic epic (ph) mission there, storming on the 11th anniversary of 9/11, does it look like, A, these were coordinated, and do you feel it has the fingerprints of some sort of al Qaeda-related organization out there?
Short answer is, Wolf, we don't know enough yet.
Is that what you're saying?
I'm not getting into politics, Wolf.
Do you believe al Qaeda had a role in this one way or another, Robin?
Well, it looks like extremists may have been involved in the attack in Benghazi.
Do you think it was irresponsible?
I'll let the American people judge that.
What do you say?
I think the point that he made is almost a self-evident one.
Was this an al Qaeda operation?
That's what it looks like, but I mean you come into an American embassy, American soil, American sovereign territory, and you slaughter our ambassador, that's an act of war against the United States of America.
What do you make of this angry exchange that has developed?
I don't think we know yet and, you know, whether John Kerry is right or not about that, for Romney to come -- it's just not effective and one of the things we learned as reporters is the first information is often wrong, and you have to let things settle out and Romney doesn't have the lead in foreign policy in the campaign now so it probably is better if he is restrained and let the facts develop and then develop support or critique.
Smart politics, not-so smart politics?
Well, it's just not effective because -- it's about one statement and whether, you know, the White House changes its position, the State Department does, many times it's a volatile situation.
Big deal, little deal, how do you see this?
Well, we just don't know because there are back channel communications, obviously there is not a great deal of love between Obama and Netanyahu, or at least it looks like there's not.
Who was -- there is plenty of blame to throw around for the downgrading of the U.S. credit rating which was significant, but who deserves more of that blame?
Well, look, if you -- and they talk about this in the White House.
Why couldn't he work his will like other presidents, like Reagan or Bill Clinton?
Well, I -- you know, you go through and I go through in microscopic detail the meetings and the phone calls and so forth.
Is that an issue really?
Well, it's not about golf, it's about personal relations.
If he's re-elected will he do a better job in this town over the next four years?
Well, that's a great question and people are going to have to make their judgment of it.
Do you want to tell us what you say?
Yes, what I say is there's responsibility on both heads, but presidential leadership matters.
What's going on over here?
Well, thank you, Wolf.
Is this appropriate?
My personal opinion is this was a mistake by Governor Romney, who frequently has very good judgment.
Should the President have gone out and started campaigning even as all of us are mourning the loss of these Americans?
Well, unfortunately, I think we all are mourning the loss and we should be.
What's the scene like there?
Well, everyone that we've been speaking to, Wolf, and I literally just landed here a few hours ago, is incredibly distraught over what took place.
What's going on right now?
Well, it is 3:00 in the morning here, Wolf.
A deliberate shift?
Well, I just think his overall critique is the same which is there's been a lot of uncertainty and mixed messages being sent throughout the region.
But after the administration withdrew that statement, why did he have to double down the next morning after we knew that the American ambassador and three other Americans were killed?
Well, at the time his initial statement went out, we knew there have been --
But why the next morning did he have to repeat it?
The -- the embassy in Cairo had reissued the statement via social networks.
And the question is, was that a mistake?
Wolf, he made a criticism about a statement that came out of the U.S. embassy in Cairo.
Does Mitt Romney support continuing more than $1 billion a year in military and economic assistance to Egypt?
Yes, well, it's much more.
Does Mitt Romney think that should go on?
He believes that we should take a close look at conditioning that aid based on Egypt, the Egyptian government being a responsible player, responsible act in the region.
Yes, and no direct response when the president says, you shoot first and aim later?
Well, this is politics.
You accept his explanation of why he initially criticized the Obama administration?
Well, Wolf, look, you know, you wish that for 24 hours or 48 hours, people wouldn't seize on politics, that there'd be a moment for prayer, reflection, strong action by the commander in chief, and America comes together, rather than looking at polling numbers and trying to seize an opportunity.
What's wrong with candidates arguing over national security?
I don't think there is a problem with arguing about national security.
The president or the State Department?
Well, the president, I know, feels that Egypt is a partner.
In Iran?
In -- well, not just in Iran, we had an ambassador killed in Kabul followed by the embassy in Islamabad being burned to the ground, followed by the takeover in Tehran.
So what should the administration in your opinion be doing?
What it should be doing is what they're starting to do now.
Isn't that an act -- a decisive act?
Yes, but very restricted and very targeted.
Is the U.S. better off with these dictators gone or was it better off before?
No.
How important is this for Mitt Romney?
This is an important moment for Mitt Romney.
Doug, how common is it for the challenger, the non-incumbent, the candidate, to be this aggressive in reacting to a foreign policy issue like Mitt Romney did this week?
I think it is really quite unique.
Gloria, in your conversations with Romney sources, have they expressed any regret about the way Romney handled this?
No, they are not expressing any regret.
Is this likely to have a huge impact come November 6th?
Well, you know, Wolf, imagine if Barack Obama had not gotten Osama bin Laden and Gadhafi.
Jeff, what do you think about this?
I understand Google's position and I understand why they did this, but they set themselves a terrible precedent, because we can not live in a society where anything that could offend anyone has to be taken down.
Jeff, what do you think about that decision?
I think you should go ahead and show it or at least link to it on Youtube, because it is so patently ridiculous.
Did Mitt Romney make a big mistake when he called out the president over that Cairo embassy initial statement?
I am not sure he made a huge mistake, but I think a lot of the folks who work in this -- who work in that field, in both parties -- I'm pretty sure Rick is an exception to this -- thought it was a mistake to go out and make a statement before the facts were clear.
You think it was necessarily a mistake, right?
Ben just called it jumping out.
Rick, how would he calm it down?
You use the bully pulpit.
Ben, are the Republicans having an impact in suggesting -- accusing the president of having a weak foreign policy?
Yeah, I think that's certainly the fact that there -- there are riots around U.S. embassies in four countries, including in ones where Barack Obama reluctantly or very jubilantly supported the revolution, is a real foreign policy debate Republicans are trying to have.
How worried are you right now that he's just not doing well?
Well, I think if you believe the polls, you would be worried.
Rick, if Romney would have said that, would there have been a lot more criticism, shall we say, for screwing up an answer?
Of course.
What's going on in Benghazi right now?
Well, the situation is pretty tense.
Are they still out in Tahrir Square?
Actually, at the moment it's gone relatively quiet.
Do you think there were some warning signals missed that could have prevented what happened in Benghazi?
The United States issued a travel warning just last month talking about the increase in political violence, assassinations, car bombings, warned that the wide array of militias could begin engaging with each other at any time, at anyplace in the country and cautioned Americans to stay away from Libya and particularly certain parts of Libya.
If he were alive now, what would he want the U.S. to do in the short term as a result of what happened in Libya this week?
I think he would say waver not, do not fear the future.
Was this consulate adequately protected?
Given the circumstances in Benghazi, Wolf, probably not -- probably because there had been similar attacks on the British ambassador's convoy, there had been an infiltration of Islamic extremists from the southern part of Libya, there had been a series of attacks near the airport.
Was it simply that anti-Islamic film or is there something much bigger here that explains this hatred of the United States?
Well, with respect to Libya, I don't think it has to do with hatred of the United States.
How do you think President Obama is handling this crisis?
I think he's trying to do the best he can under the circumstances.
When you heard about the killing of the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans, what went through your mind?
We were absolutely caught by surprise.
Who do you believe, Your Highness, was responsible for these murders?
We believe that because we have a successful revolution to overthrow the brutal regime, the former regime, the element of Gadhafi former regime, who are financed by outside of Libya, financing them inside the country.
Who is financing these elements according to your information?
These are Gadhafi -- these are Gadhafi you can say sympathizers and supporters who have taken -- who have control of Libyan funds overseas.
Is there a connection between al Qaeda and whom you believe to be responsible for these murders?
We do -- the prime -- the elected prime minister yesterday announced the capture and the arrest of four members of those -- of those criminals.
Do you believe that?
I believe that strongly that they're doing this for, one, the 9/11, two, to disrupt the Libyan-American relationship; three is to undermine the successful revolution because yesterday Libya elected the prime minister who is a capable, able, U.S.-educated, and we are proud to have him to be our prime minister to lead our country forward.
Did you know Ambassador Stevens personally?
I do not, but my family members do.
How much influence do these elements still have inside Libya?
Frankly, Wolf, they don't have much, but they have money and they have resources that they employ to Libyans who are right now seeking to -- for stability.
Do you want to respond to that?
Sure, absolutely, Wolf.
Margaret, I don't want to rehash too much history, but was that a blunder?
I think even Mitt Romney has suggested that within a certain time frame, maybe he might not have said it that way.
And the second part of the question, Ben, would it be smart for Mitt Romney to deliver a major foreign policy address?
I think you're more likely to see Mitt Romney do it than President Obama, because that kind of clarity is a luxury that you have -- that candidate Obama had in 2008 when you're not president of the United States.
How worried should these Republicans be?
Look, I think if you ask any Republican right now, if the election were held today, who would win, most Republicans would say unfortunately it looks like President Obama is leading.
How significant is that in Ohio, in Florida, in Virginia and some of these other battleground states?
It could potentially be very significant, Wolf.
What did you make of that, Ben?
I think at some point last month this whole presidential campaign degenerated into the two sides calling each other liars, in part over specific things like Paul Ryan's marathon time that maybe were a little bit fudged, but mostly over policy disagreements, where rather than argue the policy, it's more effective in the focus group to call each other names.
Are you confident he has got what it takes to beat him in these three debates?
I do, Wolf.
What do you think?
I don't think that's quite the right way to think about it, Wolf.
Some have suggested that there may be an inspiration from at least some elements of al Qaeda?
I think it is more sinister.
Is that fear overblown?
I think Putin has his own concern, which is he has a great deal of Islamic radicalism within his country.
What do you think of that criticism?
I think it fundamentally misunderstand what is happening.
How do they keep it?
You know, that's a great question because I don't know if I'm wired that way.
What do you think?
You know, I think it's effort.
Did you just go party?
Like a madman.
What was -- what were the revenues in your company when you sold it for $5.9 billion?
We were doing -- well, we were doing about 20 -- well, the last public quarter, I think, was $13 million, then $18 million, then I think our -- last one after we sold was $25 million for the quarter.
Have you done that throughout your life?
Yes.
You seem to always say, where's the next edge?
Absolutely.
Because those guys get it?
That part is not hard because once you taste it, I mean, you just got to go back for more.
Are we better off?
Yes.
Where are we?
Individually, it just depends on your own personal circumstances that you may or may not be better off.
You were telling me during the break, what did you say about the ring?
Well, my ring, I can't have it out where I can see it because I just get so fired up and like, so crazy, like let's go.
What did it mean to you to create that victory with a team after a little less than 10 years, a little more than 10 years, I guess?
You know, it's hard to describe.
And it's always more of a relief than anything else, you know?
Yes.
And what would your report card be for what you think Mitt Romney can do?
Well, first of all, I'm not a big supporter of anybody.
If the Internet hadn't happened for President Clinton, he doesn't have a surplus, right?
Yes.
So how would you rate the parties?
They both scare the hell out of me.
And we say, OK, what are you going to do to increase profits for this company?
Right.
And you're willing to do that?
Oh, I always do.
What's a kid supposed to do in a spot like this?
Yes.
Would you share an example of that?
The notion that a single person, acting alone without anybody watching, can change the course of an enterprise is probably true as much for a company as it is for a country.
Is there a conflict between spirituality and economic success?
I -- I don't think, I think the answer to that is now.
And if you obviously feel differently, why and what do we need to do to move America forward to start growing again?
Well, it was fun to meet Mark Cuban and to be here with him.
What's going to get them back in the game?
What President Romney can do, we've got -- what we've got in the White House today is a first-rate campaigner and a great speechmaker.
What would you change?
Any bill that's 2700 pages, when you -- if you're a citizen and you're looking at this television program, I'm going to make an intemperate statement.
Is that your concern?
YNN: If we take a break --
Right now under the Obama the prices are increasing for your employees, is that right?
Tony, Tony, when they take a break at CNN, most likely, you're going to see an argument between Progressive, All State and Geico on how -- on how to get cheaper auto insurance.
You did this with your own company, did you not?
Absolutely.
You cut, what, a $1,000 fee from an MRI down to what?
I got -- I got with my union, the Culinary Union.
You're 84 now, right?
That's right.
You're the greatest person I could put out there to dispel it, but how can you help people?
ICKENS: I still have a lot of things to do.
That helps, doesn't it?
And I'm running out of time.
How did you do that and why are you so focused on health care?
Putting in a fitness center in 1969.
What's the plan?
The -- I started this four years ago.
OBBINS: You've got 51 votes, didn't you?
That's right.
So why didn't it get passed?
Well, this was an amendment to the Transportation Bill.
You're following this?
No, I'm not, but I get the idea.
They played with the rules, so you had to get 60 votes instead?
Well, they voted it non-germane, and I got 51.
So, really, we have more natural gas now than Saudi Arabia?
We have -- you think --
Has oil?
We have more natural gas than any country in the world.
Why doesn't President Obama step in and say, we're going to take all of the vehicles the US government has and put them on natural gas?
That's just 200,000, is what it is.
Won't it lead by example?
No, but it - exactly.
Most people are not good at -- most people are not good at changing their styles, how are they going to change their entire culture?
Exactly.
Scalability?
Well, just because we have the most brains of any country in the world and that we're innovating more rapidly --
Steve?
Just listen to these two guys is how.
As opposed to private enterprise?
He has an energy policy that would be successful.
What is America's greatest strength going forward?
Our people.
What do we have to look forward to?
Individual initiative, greed, the sense to do better in life, to have a better life.
Mark, is government going to do it?
This conversation is going to continue after we continue to roll, I have a feeling here.
How are you, sir?
Well, I've got to get some water.
What do you make of that?
Well, let's start with taxes for a moment.
And when Romney says he's going to create, well how many million jobs?
Twelve million was his last --
How can we give to foreign aide?
You're not the only country that' broken the rule like that.
How in debt are we?
Well, you're certainly not as broke as many countries around the world.
Really?
No.
You don't think Americans have any involvement in any country in the world?
Sure we can have involvement if they ask us.
Why are we still there?
Well, the argument would be to prevent another war in that nation.
Isn't that a reality?
Because our military today --
Would America be safer?
Sure, we'd be safe.
Without any embassies in any country?
I'm not saying necessarily to get rid of embassies.
Yes, but that wasn't true about the Second World War, was it?
Probably not.
The reality is sometimes you have to oppress a bad guy, don't you?
All right.
At war all the time?
No.
Why should he get another four years?
Well, because --
Well, first, Governor, how are you doing?
Good.
Governor, my question is, if you were to run as independent, completely unaffiliated from any political party whatsoever, do you feel that that would help or hinder your ability to ultimately gain valid access in all 50 states?
It'll require you the people to do it for me.
-- put your butt on the line?
And the only way that will help, two criteria must happen.
But Jesse, will you be running or not, in 2016?
I don't know.
My question to you is, as a former Navy SEAL, do you agree or disagree with the recent released book by the six-member SEAL Team and -- and the objections of the Pentagon?
I don't have a problem with it.
They all sign up, don't they, to not write about their experiences?
Well, he's out now.
If he doesn't put in jeopardy anyone, why -- why is our government so up in arms about that he does this?
What we're all agreed on is that the death of Osama bin Laden was a good thing.
Or from all we're seeing now in the Middle East, all the uprisings, all the kind of reverse Arab Spring, if you like, are you concerned that it may be a hornet nest getting out of control?
No, because I think a lot of times these uprisings are orchestrated, I believe.
Backing in what?
In Libya, in Egypt.
And are we now perhaps seeing the results of not knowing too well who they are?
We're here wanting to give democracy to people who lived, in my opinion, in the stone age.
They're all about religion and oil and corporations?
Could be.
You're being slightly naive, aren't you?
I'm not being naive, sir.
How did they know who did this so quickly like they did Lee Harvey Oswald, how quick they knew Lee Harvey Oswald killed Kennedy?
Because the people who did it were identified and we knew who they were.
How much studying have you actually done of 9/11 other than what the government's told you and what mainstream media has told you?
A lot, actually.
Really?
I know a lot about it.
Really?
Yes.
Then why hasn't anyone been brought up for trial?
Because --
If you were the American presidents, with all the jungle drums beating now about Iran, would you take any military action?
Well, first, let me state that Iran has to do this.
How many political offices have you held?
None.
Hello, governor?
Yes.
And how do you think we can fix that?
Well, politics in America, the problem -- the major problem is the Democrats and Republicans, as I explained in my book, "Democrips and Rebloodicans, No More Games in Government," they've created a system based completely on bribery.
Why it is that Americans -- to me, it seems, so many Americans can not divorce their right to defend themselves with a gun to the apparent right to go and buy 6,000 rounds of ammunition, high powered assault weapons, and go and murder Americans?
Well, the best thing I can tell you, Piers, is this: Mexico has strict gun control.
It's inarguable, isn't it?
ENTURA: No, not at all.
Do we go to the Ford Motor Company and tell them, stop making these automobiles because people get drunk and kill people in cars?
It's a facile argument.
It's a what?
It's a facile.
Do you think it's a game-changing moment in this election battle?
It's certainly an insight into the mind of Mitt Romney.
Clearly, judging by the way the polls are moving, and the general mood about Mitt Romney, he's in trouble now, isn't he?
Well, certainly he's talking himself into trouble.
What do you think about his hand on the foreign policy tiller?
Well, he's certainly been bumbling when it comes to domestic policy and way beyond his element and comfort level when it comes to foreign policy.
Donald, how are you?
Hello, Piers.
Are the media making too much of this, do you think?
Yes, absolutely.
One of the problems, it seems to me, is if you actually analyze the 47 percent who supposedly don't pay tax in the way that he put it, many of them reside in states that are supportive to Mitt Romney, so it's a real shoot-yourself-in-the-foot moment, isn't it?
I don't think so.
Do you want to see him go harder at Barack Obama?
Well, I have to think that it's been, you know, a pretty rough period because everything he says, they attack him and I think he's going to have to get very tough and frankly, he's got to fight fire with fire.
How can he work on that?
Well --
How can he improve the way that he relates to people?
RUMP: You know, as you know better than anyone, and I just want to congratulate you because I'm just hearing great things about your show and how well you're doing and I'm very proud of you, because of your success on the "Apprentice."
Have you spoken to him since this whole secret video story blew up?
I have.
And how was he?
I think he's fine.
Do you still believe fundamentally that Mitt Romney can win this election, Donald?
RUMP: Well, absolutely.
Do you think that it's fair that super PACs can spend tens of millions of dollars and therefore, the one with the most money can, if they're smart, effectively buy an election?
Well, number one, I don't think you can buy the election.
From your conversation with Mitt Romney, he's a bit battered but not beaten?
Oh, no.
How do you get him out of this hole?
Well, you know, there are only a couple of responses in a case like this, because it's hard to disagree with that analysis of this quote.
What's he going to do?
Well, I kind of agree with the idea that you do have to say go closer to an apology if not -- if not outright apologize.
Isn't it a problem -- Michael Gerson, isn't the real problem for Mitt Romney is that this lends succor now to the argument that he basically is pretty two-faced when it comes to principles and his political views?
Well, I think that the worst kind of gaffes are the ones that confirm a stereotype.
Do you think as things stand, that Mitt Romney can still win this election?
Oh, I think so.
What do you say to them?
Well, Piers, I just go back to a central theme of encouraging everybody to vote, to search their own heart, because it's interesting, good people of faith can read the scripture and interpret it differently.
Who is more charismatic to you?
I think they're both amazing men.
Are you undecided?
.
You have decided?
Well, I'm going to really enjoy watching the debates because I think --
What are you?
I know I give you the same speech.
Are you concerned about that?
Well, you know what, I just see the ads and what I read.
Do you think it's wrong in modern day America that someone like Mitt Romney, who has made hundreds of millions of dollars and probably not quite as much as you have, Joel, but he's done OK for himself, that he gets lambasted for his success, lambasted for making that money, that somehow it's become a bad thing to be rich and successful in America?
I do.
You must feel offended when you hear him say something like that, don't you?
Well, Piers, I'm -- Here I go again, but I'm for mercy, I'm for seeing the best in people.
Being merciful towards Mitt Romney?
In a presidential election, every sentence is scrutinized.
How many have you done?
I've done four.
How many tens of millions of copies have you sold?
I don't know.
How do you convince them to take your lead?
Well, I think the big part of the ministry is that -- you know, we faced difficulties, too, but our hearts go out to people.
Did you worry about dipping your toe into a very hot political situation?
You know, I didn't, because, Piers, the foundation of our faith is based out of Israel.
Is he into this P-90X thing?
Let's see.
Really?
He works out.
Every day?
No, I don't work out every day.
If you had Barack Obama and Mitt Romney here, you wanted them to declare things, what do you want them to declare truthfully to the electorate to make a decision about them?
Well, I don't know if I can give them advice.
You think it's just poison?
Well, I would love for it to, but it seems, as long as I can remember, it's always happened.
Would you like it to stop?
I would love it to stop.
What would you choose?
I would choose -- if I was in my 20s, I would say music.
What does it do to you?
Well, politics really came from my uncle, Ray Joseph, who was the Haiti ambassador to America.
What's that all about?
The first thing is I did not agree to perform at the RNC.
They are?
Yeah, yeah.
Have you ever been a Republican, or have you always been resolutely a Democrat?
Coming from Haiti, landing in the projects of Brooklyn, my mama was on welfare at the time.
By the way, did you say Jean?
Jean.
How do you think he's done, if you're being critical?
If I'm being critical, where we're at right now with his first term, and it -- he didn't get a bipartisan front.
When you hear Mitt Romney, as you did yesterday in the secret tape that emerged, talking about nearly half of America being victims, living off the state, not paying taxes, a very smeary, condemning kind of rhetoric he used, what did you feel about that?
I mean, I felt offended.
What do you think those who are still trying to make their minds up should really focus on?
If you follow Wyclef Jean on Twitter, probably over three million -- and I probably influence a lot more than that -- I think what you should focus on is two things.
Did you agree that when Mitt Romney said that 47 percent of Americans are victims who basically scrounge off the state?
Well, mathematically the number was right, 46.4 percent of the people pay no federal income tax.
What are you guys going to do about this?
Well, Piers, I'd rather be ahead than behind right now.
So this campaign has got to regroup, refocus and do something pretty sharp, hasn't it?
Well, I'm not nearly that pessimistic at all.
How are you?
I am great.
I mean what is the view from the Democrats' side?
Well, obviously, I mean, Bob McDonnell, bless his heart for trying his best to put on a still upper lip.
So what do you have to say to that, Jennifer?
Well, you know, first of all, redistribution, Barack Obama saying that he wants to make sure we have a fair society and we have Mitt Romney who's in favor of obviously redistributing up.
Not withstanding Mitt Romney's capacity for gaffes, which is clear and present, and causing them problems, if you take the bigger picture, why should any president in America be re-elected when unemployment is over 8 percent?
Well, because the trajectory is right.
What do we know about both these things?
Well, first, let's start with the Guantanamo detainee.
Where does this leave us in terms of going forward in the investigation?
Well, look, there is no question that given -- you know, when I had been in Libya, in Tripoli, and met with Ambassador Stevens, he had acknowledged to me in a long conversation that in fact there was an increase of extremism in eastern Libya.
Do you feel, from all we're now hearing, that he was properly protected or should there have been more done for him there?
You know, it's hard to say.
What do you make of that?
Well, while there is a lot of uncertainty about who exactly killed Ambassador Stevens, there's no doubt that al Qaeda and the Islamic Maghreb, which is the group they're talking about, is something we should be losing a lot of sleep over.
Isn't that so the migration was fighting either with al Qaeda or offshoot groups and then wind up moving into Libya?
There was more of that that's much less true of al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb than others.
Or is it a sort of amorphous series of terror cells around the world now?
There's really not much of a center structure to it anymore.
You're seeing this kind of ongoing and increasing instability if al Qaeda is still operating with these cells?
I don't -- I mean I think that this goes in kind of a sign.
If he was -- if you take out all the rhetoric, if you take out all the gaffe element and the rhetoric, and you cut to his principle point that he claims he's been making a lot on the stump which is that, you know, a lot of people in America, mainly the ones who vote for Barack Obama don't much tax, they don't pay income tax, and are basically living off government handouts?
Well, that particularly argument is not one that I would have made, to tell you the truth.
Is it -- is it accurate?
Well, no, I don't think it is accurate.
Was it 10 trillion?
I don't remember what the number was precisely.
What was the counter point you were going to come back?
UDLOW: I want to say a couple of things on this Romney stuff, I think sort of ripped it apart earlier.
And the reason has to be Mitt Romney, doesn't it?
Yes, I mean, the joke has been that he needs to hire a management consultant from Bain to try to rescue his campaign.
Why is he proving to be right now anyway so haphazard?
RISTOFF: I think that part of it is that he spent six years now effectively in a Republican primary bubble, talking to people where everybody sort of thinks that the 47 percent is this parasitic group in America.
Why did he not want to say that, do you think?
Perhaps he just doesn't like those numbers.
I'm surprised that on all of the statistical information available, only one I think incumbent president in history has been re-elected with unemployment over eight percent, and that was FDR?
As an old Reagan guy, literally, in the last century, I worked for Reagan in his first term.
On the redistribution thing, what is redistribution and why has it become a dirty word?
I don't see why it should b.
Final word, Nick?
Let me push back at the notion that taxes make all the difference in growth.
In very simple terms, what happened here with you and your ex-husband?
Um, he got kicked out of the country and --
He had his visa revoked?
He had his visa -- yes exactly, he had his visa revoked.
He is German?
He is German.
You went over to France with the children to see him?
I went to visit them, yes.
Is this indefinitely?
Yes.
Therefore the French have decided everyone stays there apart from you?
Well, the American judge said this, the California judge.
How do you feel about this?
I'm beside myself.
How is it possible?
I have long been interested in the rights of children in contested divorce cases.
This is an American judge?
It's an American judge, a woman, American judge who decided that it would be best for everybody if the children moved out of this country.
What are you doing?
I do.
Do they know what is going on?
I think they have an idea, but they don't really.
How old are they?
Three and five.
Were you amicable at all?
Not -- not so much.
Have you tried to appeal to him and his humanity over this?
Of course.
What does he say?
He says no, we are going through the court system.
What is the next legal step that you can take on Kelly's behalf?
Well, I think we have to find a very good established lawyer who emphasizes the rights of children to find the right vehicle, whether it be a federal court lawsuit protecting the interests of the children as American citizens, whether it be an appeal in the California courts.
Is it going too far?
I think it is.
How significant are these alleged gaffes be?
I think there have been more unforced errors than you would expect from a presidential campaign in the final months.
When Bill Clinton was fundraising, for example, would he often go harder on the rhetoric, thinking he was in a secure room with people that he could trust, or is this Mitt Romney's big fatal flaw, that he's been caught talking in a different way?
You have just got to assume, when you're in a presidential race, that every single moment is on the record.
If they had somebody like that, would they be doing better in the polls?
Well -- if you look back at that primary field that we were dealing with a year ago, watching in debates a year ago, there's no question with the exception perhaps of Rick Perry, who ended up imploding for other reasons, I don't think there was anybody else on that stage who could have gotten the nomination and been competitive in a presidential race.
What do you say to him?
You got nothing left to lose.
How is she doing, do you know?
You know, the transplant went as well, it's transfusion, really, went as well as can be expected.
I mean what's going on here?
No, I think what he was earlier saying is that the president was polling at 47 percent, still is.
You must have been incandescent, were you?
Two things.
Can you do it without increasing any taxation, because from where I sit, I just don't see that is a feasible position?
Well, I think you're going to have to increase taxes, Piers, on people who are very fortunate in this society, who are very wealthy.
What has he got to do to refocus, to re-galvanize and to try and get the right message over now to win this election?
Well, he needs to keep saying what he has been saying and force the press to focus on that.
Robert Reich, is there merit to what Grover Norquist is saying there?
I don't think there's very much merit, if any merit at all, Piers.
You must be worried, aren't you?
No.
Can I just -- can I just intervene here?
The Soviet Union was no more of a financial burden on America than Afghanistan and Iraq had been.
That's civil?
The fact of the matter is the Reagan recession was very deep, but it is nothing compared to what Barack Obama inherited from George W. Bush.
Has any president in the history of the United States ever handed a bigger financial crisis over to the guy that followed him than George Bush did?
Well, if you look at --
Who?
Herbert Hoover.
Are you saying that FDR was the same as Herbert Hoover?
Well, he did -- Hoover took tax rates up to 75 percent from 25.
Isn't that a very similar position to what we're now seeing?
It's not, because the president just gave a speech about how the American people demanded Obamacare.
What do you make of it?
Not much of it good.
How much credence should we be giving it, do you think?
As to that part of it, plenty.
I wouldn't even have been aware of him being released?
No, he was in custody of the Defense Department.
It is just a collection of terrorist cells around the world?
Well, it's essentially a franchise.
Do you think that is plausible?
Sure, it's plausible.
Do you think there's any danger that he will be released at any stage, in any capacity?
UKASEY: I don't take a denial from the Justice Department as dispositive.
Final point I would make, do you believe from what we have seen in the last week, then, that America is once again under attack from al Qaeda?
America has always been under attack from al Qaeda.
Am I right?
That's correct.
I suppose the obvious question is how much can we expect to recover in the end?
ICARD: Well, we'd like to think that we can recover all the 17.5 billion dollars.
Is that likely?
It depends on litigation.
Are you pleasantly encouraged by how far you've come so far?
Oh, absolutely, because we started at zero.
Stephen, has Bernie Madoff been helpful at all in this process?
I would say no.
Is that right?
That's correct.
How would you categorize him?
ICARD: I really haven't thought about characterizing him at this point, because our efforts and our focus has been to go out and recover what we can, as much as we can, as quickly as we can, for the people for whom we are trying to get the best recoveries and best distribution.
This was the biggest Ponzi scheme in American history, right?
Yes.
If you were to succeed in recovering the money, it would be the biggest recovery of its type that we would have ever seen?
Yes, of course.
He's pretty despicable human being, wasn't he?
I don't know that I would go that far, because, you know --
Is that the maxim?
Well, that is true.
How are you?
Good to be with you.
If he's reunited the whole of America, including you, this is a good step forward, isn't it?
That's right.
Do you think they should live up to their rhetoric?
Well, ideally, sure.
So by his own words, he is no longer qualified to be president, is he, Mr. Speaker?
Well, if we're going to apply that standard, Joe Biden has to resign this evening because he has said enough different goofy things over time that you couldn't possibly remain vice president.
But if he's going to seal the deal, Mitt Romney, and actually win this election, what's he got to do now?
I think he's got to do two things and I think they're pretty clear but pretty hard.
That must be a failure by the Romney campaign, isn't it?
Yes.
Governor, how are you?
Well, Piers.
How about you?
Very well.
How are you reacting to Mitt Romney's tax returns which have landed this Friday afternoon?
Well, I think it's about time but it's really only part of the story.
Absolutely staggering amount, isn't it?
Yes.
What do you mean by that?
I don't know.
Is there anything ethically wrong with what he's been doing?
I think the bigger issue about the failure to release his tax returns, he must know that most Americans would react with some horror at the degree to which he's used tax avoidance schemes and Cayman Island bank accounts and the like to avoid paying the full amount of taxes that he should.
It seems to me just looking at them, anyone that gives $4 million to charity in one year, you can hardly accuse him of milking the system too much, can you?
That's right.
I mean, is that the bottom line?
That's the real message when you dig into the tax returns that have been released, is the tremendous sophistication and expense required to effectively avoid taxes as well as he has.
Henry Rosen, what do you make of this?
I think Henry's right.
Doesn't Harry Reid have to stand up now and issue a public apology to Mitt Romney?
My guess is Harry Reid would feel better if he actually saw the returns instead of a letter from a bunch of accountants swearing that Mitt Romney paid taxes.
You're saying the accountants are lying?
No.
So how do you think this plays out for the election?
Well, I think his entire economic plan has been based on the idea that we have to give more money to the job creators, the investors and the entrepreneurs.
Do you ever wish that Mitt Romney was worth about 300 million less, that he was like a regular guy with a regular income, maybe worth three million dollars?
No.
Are you or are you not?
That's a lot to assume.
Where do you get off?
Let me ask you a direct question.
Are you or have you ever been a liberal?
I don't know what that is.
Are you a conservative?
Yes, I'm a conservative.
Would you categorize him as more of a liberal?
I would categorize Kenny as an independent actually.
Do you vote?
Yes.
Who do you vote for normally?
I have always voted for the best person, the one that moved me, that I felt would inspire me, would inspire everything else around me.
Why do I feel I'm losing control of this interview?
Ladies and gentlemen, piers Morgan receives a hug.
My God, is that the first time anyone's hugged you in your life?
Is it time for a commercial break, he cries out desperately.
Parking who you actually vote for to one side, what are the issues that you really are divided over, would you say?
I can tell you the issues that -- we tour like crazy, 60 some odd cities this year, all over the United States.
You going to outlaw alcohol and cars?
I find that a fatuous argument.
ORGAN: You would shoot them dead?
Absolutely.
You know what a hillbilly is, Piers?
I know what a hillbilly is.
Something that's dogged you for years afterward?
I did when it came out, sure, because I remember where I was when I heard the term the first time.
Did you ever make up with Rob Lowe, like the old -- like Dean, Sammy, Frank, you all hang out together?
Go to Vegas for the weekend, yeah.
You ever party with Charlie Sheen?
I never met Charlie Sheen.
What drives you?
Well, it first started happening as a reaction to all that stuff you were just talking about.
Did it change your perspective of America too?
The more I traveled the world, the more I realized America is a great place.
What was that all about?
Look, come on, Piers.
What did you learn about yourself in reality?
I learned that you can't really reconcile the two.
But do you to complete strangers in Patagonia?
I do.
Wake up every morning and say, is he still here?
Look, I come back from some trips and she goes, Jesus, we're just getting the rhythm.
Does she accept you are just a nomad, that's the way you're going to be?
Yeah, I think to a large degree.
When that happens a business like yours tends to do well?
That's sort of a misnomer.
People still want to sell then you can get rid of it?
Yes.
I mean who comes in your store?
I mean it's everybody, especially our store.
Why the billionaire come to a pawnshop?
People don't realize, most billionaires actually pretty cheap.
I know there must be a lot of surprises, but when you look back what have been the moments, you go, wow, when somebody brought something in that's really knocked your socks off?
That happens actually a lot.
This is actually the battle plan for Iwo Jima, is that right?
Yes.
Who brought this in?
It was a person who's father had been on Iwo Jima.
How did you assess the value?
Well, this was a few years ago.
But do you remember even the ballpark?
I think it was right around $3500, something like that.
So eight grand, it's coming off the wall, right?
$8,000 or an Iwo Jima plan, I'll take the eight grand.
So do you remember his story?
Yes, I think his story was basically that he -- you know, he got injured, wasn't able to compete in 2000 and was doing some other things.
How do you quantify an Olympic medal?
That's a very difficult thing because they rarely if ever get on the market.
So what -- do you remember what you paid him for it?
.
So he'll never get them back?
No.
Sad, isn't it?
It's sad.
-- is the lesson you handed down to your son, you can't afford to get emotionally involved?
One of the things is a pawn broker with a heart is usually a pawn broker out of business.
Is there anything you would turn down?
Yes.
Have you ever turned anything down?
We won't take any German World War II items.
Really?
You know, I won't do it.
Is there any other sort of thing you just feel strongly you wouldn't want to be party to?
I mean just anything in that area.
And I suppose the obvious question, what is the most expensive thing you've ever bought?
It's a real easy one.
So do people actually walk in with gold bars?
Oh, yes, every day.
What's the biggest -- what's the biggest chunk of gold you've ever had to deal with?
I can't remember what it was, I just remember we gave him 500 grand for it.
$500,000?
Yes.
Really?
Yes.
And what is the -- if you're smart what is the markup if you move quickly on something like that?
Actually, in our shop, it's weird.
On that kind of thing?
Yes.
Really?
I mean, it's a lot of people I don't understand who are in business will say, I'll never do that for 1 percent.
And is that -- is that the attitude and strategy really?
Yes.
Take the cash when you can?
Yes, I mean, you have to -- I mean, it's business.
The worst thing for you is a fully stocked store presumably?
It's a tough struggle, you know, I mean, because you're always wanting to buy stuff, you know it's tough to sell the stuff.
I have a few dodge -- I mean, I -- here's my BlackBerry, I mean, given that it's been owned by me, is it worth more or less than if it hadn't been owned by me?
I think it would be worth a little bit more on you.
What kind of markup?
God, it is a BlackBerry.
What do you say to them?
.
I mean surely your natural leaning would be toward the guy that believes the same that you do?
I think you're right in that -- in that instant.
Who's more charismatic to you?
I think they're both -- I think they're both amazing men.
Will you be voting?
I will definitely be voting.
What are you?
Well, here's the thing, Piers.
Do you think it's wrong in modern-day America that someone like Mitt Romney, who's made hundreds of millions of dollars and, you know, probably not quite as much as you have, Joel, but he's done OK for himself, but -- that he gets lambasted for his success, lambasted for making that money, that somehow it's become a bad thing to be rich and successful in America?
I do.
You must feel offended when you hear him say something like that, don't you?
Well, Piers, I'm -- here I go again, but I'm for mercy.
How many books have you done?
I've done four.
And how many tens of millions of copies have you sold?
I don't know.
How do you convince them to take your lead?
Well, I think that's hope the big part of the ministry is that, you know, and we face difficulties, too.
Did you worry about dipping your toe there into a very hot political situation?
You know, I didn't because, Piers, the foundation of our faith is based out of Israel.
Is he into this P90X thing?
Let's see --
Really?
No, he works out.
Every day?
No, I don't work out every day.
When people go to vote now, at the -- in November, what is the key message you would -- if you were, perhaps, Barack Obama and Mitt Romney here and you wanted them to declare things, what do you want them to declare, truthfully, to the electorate, to make a decision about them?
Well, I don't know if I can give them advice.
Do you think it's just poison?
Well, I would love for it to, but it seems like as long as I can remember, it's always happened.
Would you like it to stop?
Oh, I'd love it to stop.
Are you or not -- are you not?
That's a lot to assume.
Are you?
That's a lot to assume, brother.
Where do you get your facts?
Let me ask you a direct question.
Are you or have you ever been a liberal?
I don't know what that -- what that is.
How often do you agree with him about any political issue?
A lot.
How often do you disagree with him?
A lot.
Are you a conservative?
Yes, I'm a conservative.
Would you -- would you categorize him as more of a liberal?
I would categorize Kenny as an independent, actually, a really --
Do you vote?
Yes.
Do you vote?
I think everybody should vote.
Who do you vote for normally?
I've always voted for the best person, what -- the one that -- that moved me, that I felt would inspire me and would inspire everything else around me.
Did you vote for Obama?
I don't think that's proper for you to even ask that.
What?
No, I don't -- I don't think it's proper for you to ask that.
Why?
I really don't.
Why do I feel I'm losing control of this interview?
Ladies and gentlemen, Piers Morgan received a hug.
My god, is that the first time anyone has hugged you in your life?
Probably.
You see what I'm talking about?
I love CNN, by the way.
Harking who you actually vote for to one side, what are the issues that you really are divided over, would you say?
Well, I can tell you that the issues that we hear, we -- you know, we tour like crazy, 60 some odd cities this year all over the United States.
Who do you think would do a better job with America in relation purely to jobs come the next presidential election?
I mean if you're asking me that, I think a businessman does, because a businessman creates jobs.
Kenny?
Well, I think that it's up to each of us.
What is your view?
Well, in my home, there on our family farm, seven generations of my family has been on this -- stewarded at this farm in Virginia.
Why?
Because I want them to understand the safety of it.
But a number of your family went to Virginia Tech, right?
Yes.
Why do you hate it?
Let me explain why I hate it.
I mean are you going to outlaw alcohol and cars?
Now see, I find that --
You would shoot them dead?
Absolutely.
But how do you think you could tighten the laws up?
-- keep your limey Brit nose out of it.
Is the total murder rate that different?
Yes.
What would you -- what would you suggest, Piers?
I think that you've got to bring in new gun laws which prohibit the purchase of assault weapons, for example; the purchase of 6,000 rounds of ammunition on the Internet, as that Colorado assassin was able to get perfectly legally.
Do you know what a hillbilly is, Piers?
I know what a hillbilly is.
It was an amazing moment, wasn't it?
I wanted to -- I wanted to hire his speechwriter, quite frankly.
Is that what you want to see?
I actually feel totally responsible for where he's at.
What, 30 years?
Yes.
How has he managed to avoid public retribution for not fixing the economy better than he has done?
Because this is not a normal time.
What is the smart thing for America to do right now, given the ratcheting up of all the rhetoric on both sides?
I think the smart thing for us to do is to maintain constant conflict with the Israeli intelligence services and the Arab intelligence services who also don't want Iran to have a nuclear weapon.
Do you trust him?
-- is they don't have a tenable position.
Do you trust Ahmadinejad?
Not on this, I don't.
If Israel was to launch an airstrike against Iran, a preemptive strike, because they believe, as appears to be the case with many of their top leadership, that Iran is right on the cusp now of developing a nuclear weapon -- if they do that, what should America's response be?
I shouldn't answer that question because of my wife's position and that's the president and the security team's desire to -- a decision to make.
Can America -- can the world risk another flawed military action, if it turns out that Ahmadinejad is actually telling the truth?
First of all, it's very different from Iraq.
What words would you have for Mitt Romney, given the state of the election campaign right now?
Well, I think you know the debates are very important for him.
Crucial?
I think so.
Is he -- is he principled, do you think, Mitt Romney?
That's not the issue to me.
How has he managed to avoid public retribution for not fixing the economy better than he has done?
Because this is not a normal time.
And what advice to give to Barack Obama to try and get into that kind of mindset with the Republicans?
Well, that's the -- what Speaker Gingrich said is true, but it's not the whole truth, that is we had one year when virtually nothing got done.
What is the big achievement?
What I tried to do, when I started -- I said I'm going to give it 10 years and see where we are, if we can last 10 years.
Why couldn't Bill Clinton just run again and be president for the next 30 years?
Well, we had it for a good reason.
Are you available if it comes to -- I get this through?
LINTON: They -- there are only two countries I'm eligible to run for the leadership position is if I move to Ireland and buy a house, I can -- I can run for president of Ireland, because of my Irish heritage.
What do we do about Iran and President Ahmadinejad?
Well, this clearly will be one of the most compelling issues that the next president faces, either Obama in a second term or Romney in a first term.
Can the west afford to go into any kind of military conflict with Iran, with Ahmadinejad, and then discover actually all he was saying turned out to be true?
Well, first of all, Piers, the evidence is not just intelligence services, but also the International Atomic Energy Agency that's had inspectors in there, though Tehran has interrupted and obstructed their inspections from time to time.
What do you do?
Well, I mean, that's the dilemma in terms of turning to military action that may well be necessary at some point.
What would a Romney administration do if Israel decides to go it alone?
Well, I would like to make a couple points, Piers.
I say it again, P.J. Crowley, with the benefit of hindsight and the way this has all played out, wouldn't it have been more prudent for the president to have found time in his busy television schedule to do some meetings?
Well, he talked to Prime Minister Netanyahu the other day.
Is that for me, Piers?
Yes, for you, Richard Williamson.
What is your view of the touchdown, or the Fail Mary pass, as it's now being known?
First, I played college football.
And as a European, do you fancy a bet?
LINTON: Well, on the football game, no, I did not think it was a touchdown.
Hundred dollars to a charity of our choice?
You got a deal.
What do you --what do you read into that?
Well, I mean, you said his speech was a little more reasonable this year.
Does the president of Iran really have much power?
Well, that really depends on the situation.
Does it depend on who wins the election?
Well, I think one thing Israel is -- or at least some people in Israel are trying to do is to push the U.S. to kind of do it for them.
Were you surprised or dismayed or both by Barack Obama refusing to sit down with any world leaders this week?
You know, I was -- I did think that was missed opportunity.
Should America's intervention now be reigned back or is this a time to really get more involved?
Well, we were in a sense playing a public master role in the past when dictators were there.
What more can it be doing in places like Cambodia to tackle this kind of thing?
RISTOF: Yes.
So the obvious question for you is 41 day to go, who is going to win?
Sure.
What is the reality of their value?
Right now Obama in these Quinnipiac Polls is at 53 percent in each of these states, which means it's not good enough anymore for Romney to pick up the undecided voters.
What would you recommend him to do?
Well, you know, I think what the 47 percent comments revealed is that he wasn't doing what politics 101 says you should do and play to -- play to the center.
Would he have done better having someone like Marco Rubio, for example?
Sure.
How important is it to you to be doing this in Saudi Arabia?
I think women's rights not only are, like you said, at the vanguard of what we really need to focus on in Saudi Arabia but also in the region.
What is your overview at the moment of where we -- where we are and is war likely or more common sense prevailed, do you think?
Well, I believe common sense will prevail but I think it's going to be a tough slog.
What can America or what should America do if anything to hasten or to change the current process?
It should inspire hope, trust, stability and compassion.
But what is the ethos that leaders and countries need to adopt to try and stop this horrible cycle now of a youth who just feel disenfranchise and not able to fulfill their potential?
Economic development.
Why are the Danes so healthy?
Because they have social security.
Why is the rest of the world overtaking and what should be done about it?
I think it is really priorities and values and greed, really.
General, you're itching to get in?
I want to pitch in on manufacturing for a second.
Or should it be a global trading partner to mutual benefit?
I think that we live in a very diverse world and we need to embrace that.
Who says 50 percent of the world is living on less than two dollars a day, 20 percent less than one dollar a day?
I travel the planet.
Why is the CGI now so important to so many people in your position?
Because of what you are seeing in front of you.
Foaming at the mouth as usual?
Now it's really wonderful now.
Was it a touchdown?
I don't think it was a touchdown.
Are you falling for him?
No, I'm not falling for him, but I do think maybe his -- the one who is giving him his meds has finally found the right balance.
If they do something, should America do anything, or does America keep out of this?
We're not -- we're not at that point yet.
Have you seen anything like that?
Look.
What do you think?
Well, I think he will be getting a certain amount of heat from some people because there's no doubt the sanctions are having a big effect.
Am I wrong to feel so pessimistic?
Well, it's understandable.
Do you think it could still go either way?
Well, you never know until the election actually happens.
If you were going to be the incumbent come November the 7th, what kind of thing should the American administration, whoever it is, be looking to do quite quickly to try and stem this economic tide downward, which is going on all over the world?
Right.
So you would have known?
Well, I don't -- I --
Would you have known who wrote "Rule Britannia"?
No.
Would that complete the peace project for you?
Well, the one thing I know is that in whatever country and whatever culture, whatever continent, whatever part of the world Bill Clinton was standing, everyone else better watch out, because he is the total master and he would -- he's just -- the thing that I always say about Bill Clinton is, the fascinating thing about him as a politician is that he's unbelievably smart and smart enough so that he doesn't come across as unbelievably smart.
Who would win?
Oh, there's no doubt about that, I'm afraid.
This is -- this is a big problem for Mitt Romney, isn't it?
I don't think it's quite as big a problem as you've made it out to be.
Pretty impressive, Kate, isn't she?
My heavens, I take my hat off to her.
Do you worry about the pressure that you know she's going to be facing?
I think she's able to cope with it.
Sarah Ferguson, how are you?
I'm doing very well, thank you.
Piers?
It's been a very British show, actually.
What advice do you give Kate for how to get through it and how to deal with it?
Well, two things, really.
How do you deal with that generally?
Well, I think -- I think it's very difficult because you are always -- you always worry so much.
How is that?
Yeah, I think that's very good.
What are you trying to achieve with this?
Well, Piers, I think that education is the route out of poverty, because it gives the knowledge of survival.
And if you want to go and buy the book, I am not going to tell you the end of the tale, but you does "Ballerina Rosie" manage to do her pirouettes?
Is there a touch of Sarah Ferguson in "Ballerina Rosie?"
Any regrets at your end that you did that?
No.
I'm sorry, say that again, Piers?
I said I've sat down this week with President Clinton, with President Ahmadinejad --
Couldn't the president have found time to have met some of them or maybe even come on my show and met them?
Well, as I said, the president always makes time for world leaders.
I'd rather be the underdog on that first debate, wouldn't you?
Well, that's great advice for Mitt Romney.
What does Mitt Romney do if Barack Obama does that?
Well, Mitt Romney has said a couple things since, piers.
Have you done that yet?
I'm going to.
You will be seeing Netanyahu this week?
I generally see the prime minister when he's in the United States.
How will he react to this?
Well, I hope he will react positively.
What would happen if the Israelis say you know what, we're not sensing anyone's with us, we're going on our own here, we're gong to defend ourselves, we're going to launch a strike now against these nuclear sites in Iran -- if they do that, what does a Romney administration do?
Well, first off, Piers, I would just contest one thing.
Do you know how the conversation went with Mitt Romney?
Well, it was -- obviously it was a one-on-one conversation.
Were you?
Yes.
How are you?
Desperate to se you.
Why?
Because you have a spanking new stage, at vast expense which houses 250 people and you signed some absolutely gargantuan new deal worth tens and tens of millions of dollars.
What do you make of the election race?
I don't -- I can't take it seriously enough to think that it's a threat but then people will say, oh, that's so silly for you to think, like --
Will you vote?
Of course.
You enjoyed that one, didn't you?
Yes, I did.
People bailing on you?
I never had anyone bail on me once they were in the studio.
Anybody good?
Well, P. Diddy was 40 minutes late so I walked up to my office and I said, maybe it was 40, maybe it was like 30.
Why would I ever be talking about you in my spare time, though?
That's what you were talking about.
How did that go?
Well, it was fine.
Which one?
The one with the strange name who runs hotels, Andre
No?
I don't think so.
You don't think so?
I don't know about it if I have.
Have you read "Fifty Shades of Grey"?
I read the first seven chapters.
Was there anything in there you hadn't already done yourself?
No.
Really?
I know you probably imagined differently and have several nights during the week when you go to bed.
Are you?
You surprise me.
No manacles?
No.
Did you read the entire trilogy?
It's unreadable.
Why would you read that?
Just out of pure curiosity.
You think I'm going to book Jen?
I see you as a surrogate booker.
At Jennifer's wedding?
Yes.
You think you will ever get married?
You know what, I was thinking about that, actually.
How are you?
Great, thanks.
How are you?
I feel under pressure.
Let me ask you off the top, do you think, given the financial state of the country, that having somebody with Romney's business background and business brain is a good idea, or do you think that's not really necessary in a commander-in-chief, in a president?
I think running the United States of America is like running an enormous corporation.
Do you think you could still do that today?
No, I think a lot of people are doing that.
What's your view?
I think he is much better off in a suit than -- than colored trousers or chino trousers.
Alarming orange jacket there from Mr. Romney?
I think they are trying to sort of like -- sort of like the normal guys next door.
Why is this such a cause dear to you, Tommy?
My family has been affected by autism.
How do you write your father's name?
B-A-S --
I mean, the truth is Mitt Romney spent most of the first half of this year debating, so he should have the advantage, shouldn't he?
Well, I expect him to do well.
Are you setting the bar so low that we should now expect a fumble?
No.
I mean he must be exasperated, don't you think, that he's still in this thing?
Well, I want change.
How are you?
Very well, thank you, Piers.
How does he do both?
Well, I don't know how he does both.
Ross, he's not suited to that role, apparently?
Well, I -- you know, the last month hasn't been a very good one for the governor.
What would you be zinging President Obama?
I think -- I think this is a terrible strategy, actually, for the Romney campaign.
Final word from Charles?
I love that Ross Douthat just called Mitt Romney Mr. Phony.
Has it been demonized a bit, do you think?
I think so.
How important has your faith been to you personally over the years?
I am who I am because of what I believe.
Really?
I do.
To those who don't know anything about Mormonism or the Mormon Church, what are the biggest misconceptions?
I guess I'm running for president now.
Are there misconceptions about the Mormon Church that annoy you?
Of course there are.
In your case twice with the same guy, right?
Once, with the same guy.
How's it going?
It's properly in love.
Better second time around?
Better.
You worked each other out?
Yeah.
Should I be getting nervous?
Yes.
Really?
Yeah.
Did you not try to get it Marie and Donny?
Well, he is older.
What has it been like working with your brother on and off for so long?
Well, that's the thing is we really didn't work together for like 28 years.
Just because you have basically done -- how many thousands of shows have you done yourself over the years, as a guest?
Oh my gosh, we were laughing right before the show.
And people are fascinating, Piers, aren't they?
I think you have to have an endless curiosity to do this.
They did?
Yeah.
Do you think the great secret of show business, in the end, is longevity?
Either that or you die young.
What do you do?
I do a television show in L.A., and then I fly to Vegas and do the show there at night, then I get back on a plane and fly to L.A. for the show that day.
As a European, do you fancy a bet?
Yes, I'll make a bet with you on the Ryder Cup.
Which one?
That was a collective you, all of you.
Do I take it the party was long and glorious?
It was a great party.
What was it about that meeting, that speech, which seemed to have turned the fortunes round the next day?
Well, it was a tough couple of days.
He must have said something that really got you going?
Jose was -- he was an amazing captain all week.
Were you feeling the same way?
I think collectively as a team, we were playing in silence on the golf course.
How good a feeling is it?
Even seeing them now, it really was one of the most remarkable comebacks I can think in any kind of sport.
Was the major driving factor -- let's be honest here -- the fact that you knew I had a 100 dollar bet with President Clinton?
Yeah, that was it.
What has it been like to be you in the last year?
CHWARZENEGGER: Well, you know, I always have been very successful in my professional life.
Have you felt -- have you felt it's been too much or not?
You know, I never tell the press what to write and what to say.
And you're probably not reading half of it, right, I would imagine?
I would say I don't read any of it.
And who's been -- who's been the rocks, if you like, for you in this?
I think that there's a tremendous amount of people that have shown great support, and then there's a lot of people that have let me know that they're disappointed and it's perfectly fine, including my children that were disappointed in that action and inevitably my wife was very disappointed, and so, it's -- look, it's my -- it's my fault.
Do you think there is a good chance you can get back together?
I cannot speak for Maria.
Was it more that?
I would say that it makes no difference.
What was the reality of that?
I think the book goes into the details of the whole thing and I think that people, when they read it, they will get an understanding of what the whole thing was about, and that I leave it at that.
Could I see her, please?
No.
Where is she?
Look, it may take awhile.
Or is that now like the bodybuilding, done?
CHWARZENEGGER: Well, you know, I have really no interest to go and run for office or anything like that.
Was it harder than you thought, being governor?
Well, first of all, let me just tell you that I didn't care what it takes in order to fix the state.
What's your advice?
I think that, you know, with debates, the most important thing is to be real.
Are you surprised that in America, the country that gave you the opportunity to become what you are, that they would now turn on somebody for being what used to be the great American dream?
Well, first of all, as you know, John F. Kennedy came from a very rich family.
I know you haven't decided who you're going to vote for in all this time, but right now, if you had to vote tomorrow, who would you vote for?
I would have to first listen to the debates.
So they're that important to you?
It's very important.
I mean how -- what do you think?
We maybe would have done things a little differently, but I can guarantee you that the president is doing everything that he can to solve the problems.
When you go back to that little boy, Arnold Schwarzenegger, what was it about you, do you think, that gave you the drive to achieve all this?
I think that I had the most extraordinary talent in visualizing.
Can you still do the 400 pound stuff?
I cannot do the 400 pound stuff anymore.
What's the most you lift these days?
I lift every day.
Your idea of light weight and mine are probably two different things, aren't they?
Maybe is a different thing, yes.
What is your idea of a light weight these days?
I still am lifting with 150, 200 pounds.
How many sit ups?
Five hundred sit ups and leg raises.
Wait a minute, 500 sit ups, really?
I ride the bicycle every day for an hour.
If you all got in a room together and had a fight, the Expendables, who would win?
CHWARZENEGGER: Whatever the director says.
Was it something that you felt by the time you closed the last chapter and finished and read it through, you were glad you had done it, even though you may get criticized from certain quarters?
I think that it was a great idea to do the book.
If Maria's watching this, and she might well be watching this, what would you say to her?
I would just say sorry for what I've done.
You think -- do you deserve to be forgiven, do you think?
I think everyone deserves to be forgiven and get a break.
Most Catholics are in recovery, aren't they?
That's why I wrote the book.
So how long did the Nun thing really last in reality?
It lasted about three or four years.
Really?
I did mass in my house, literally, (inaudible)
How you going to feel if your book, "Bad Habits, Confessions," being next to Arnold Schwarzenegger's book on the book stands?
What a perfect pair, I would think.
Impregnated their housekeepers?
Close.
Do you have any view of the election, talking of bad habits?
CCARTHY: No, I don't, only because I've learned in my own -- how do I put it -- risky words I've used in my career to question people and make statements, it's -- I can't even go into politics.
For any men watching, you are single, right?
I am so single.
Are you on the hunt?
No, no, no.
Little beady eye?
That's right.
You brought him up pretty much on your own, right?
Yes.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
The opening question is, what the hell was wrong with Barack Obama last night?
Well, I'm going to quote the great Newt Gingrich in saying that the man was lying and this is from a previous debate that Newt Gingrich was in with Mitt Romney.
Jennifer Granholm, if Mitt Romney was telling all these lies, why on earth was Barack Obama not correcting them during the debate in front of over 60 million Americans?
And that's what I would ask, I would love to honestly hear Newt Gingrich's response to this, because as he said in his previous debates, when he had to -- he backed down a bit, you just cannot debate somebody who's dishonest.
Was that a fact?
That certainly what the Congressional Budget Office says.
So in other words, it's not a fact, is it?
Wait a second.
Where are you going to find $716 billion and it's not going to be because of Big Bird?
First of all, as Governor Romney pointed out last night, the Mayo Clinic is a private institution run by people privately who do things efficiently, which is very different than the federal government, which has rampant waste.
Can he name two, at least two of the deductions that will be cut to be able to pay for the $5 trillion tax cut that Romney is offering?
Very good question.
Can you explain to us any of the detail?
Well, first of all, there are at least two components to how he ends up paying for the tax cut.
Yes or no?
No, he said -- no, absolutely not.
-- since he took over is 125,000 jobs?
I don't know the number exactly but I do know that there's a net gain.
How important is the jobs report going to be tomorrow to Barack Obama, do you think?
Well, we know the jobs report is not going to be good, even if it's better than it has been.
-- is you want four more years like this?
Come on.
Newt Gingrich, should Big Bird be killed or not?
That's total baloney.
So you would save Big Bird?
Absolutely.
Jennifer, yes or no, Big Bird, live or die?
Big Bird lives.
Is that what you would like to see?
I hope so.
How are you?
I am doing great, Piers.
What did you think?
Yes.
You ever suffer altitude problems?
I've been to Denver many times.
Finally, would you kill Big Bird?
Well, as a matter of fact, I voted to kill Big Bird in the past.
Can we go back on that one?
That was beautifully badly phrased.
Crystal, what do you want to say?
I don't know what debate Maria was watching, but President Barack Obama was anything but deft.
Has he never seen Mitt Romney debate?
I think that is a very good question, Piers, because you would think that in talking about the preparation, you would take a look at all of the debates and actually, the one with Newt Gingrich is the one that I think they needed to take a look at, because that's where he eviscerated the Speaker.
Am I right?
I tend to agree with you, Piers, because Senator Biden is somebody who is a fire brand for sure.
Who is going to win?
Definitely.
Crystal, you really think Paul Ryan is going to eviscerate Joe Biden?
Look, I'm going to put myself out there.
Yes or no, are you going to run for the presidency again?
I don't have an answer for you yet because there are a lot of things you have to consider before you make that final decision.
Am I right in thinking you know the answer, you just don't want to give it to me yet?
The issue of great significance that everybody tells me I should just change my mind on and do the politically expedient thing, which is to say that my health care plan was a terrible mistake, I'm not willing to do.
Is there any merit to the argument that these numbers aren't quite what they seem?
I would be very cautious about saying that, Piers, unless I had some kind of substantiation to it.
Do you think that either of these things, in the last 24 hours, Barack Obama's very lackluster, surprisingly poor debate performance, or these job numbers today, do either of them constitute in any form a kind of game change moment?
I think the debate certainly does.
Do you think you would have done better against the Obama that was debating this week?
I think so, Piers, but you know, it would sound like I am now trying to rewrite history or I would have done better.
Are you hoping that he's going to be giving some sprinkling of presents back to you guys?
I don't know but I hope he repeats this latest one, where the middle class America has been buried for the last four years.
What is your assessment of where we are now?
Well, let me tell you what's not vague, and that is five days after, five days after what was very quickly determined by the intelligence committee as a terrorist attack, they trotted out our ambassador to the U.N. to every major news outlet saying that this was a spontaneous demonstration because of a hateful video.
Are you in favor of that?
No.
Do you have any information on that?
I have no information on that.
Would you or would you not kill Big Bird?
Actually, I love and cherish Big Bird.
What went wrong?
I mean, it's a paradox.
I mean, would you anticipate a tightening of the polls and a very, very close race now?
I mean, it's certainly closer but there's always going to be good news and bad news.
What do you make of that?
Well, he's certainly right on that.
How do you feel about the fact Mitt Romney if he gets into power will get rid of you?
I just took a call from Big Bird before coming on here.
Does he have a point, Mitt Romney?
Not in my -- obviously I'm a little conflicted here because my show was just on PBS.
How much has that been dissipated by what are undeniably very good jobs figures today?
Well, first of all, I guess I would argue that they are as good as either you're saying or particularly that Obama is saying.
Was that a smart political move in a moment of everyone feeling good about you to just bury that away?
Well, I think the timing was right that he said that, but I do hope he doesn't move away from what the bigger argument that he was trying to make, is that there are two choices in America today.
The man has a record of constantly flip-flopping on issues, doesn't he?
He does.
What do you say to Mitt Romney?
Well, first of all, I do think the start of the presidential campaign, in some ways, started with the debate the other night.
Can he win from here, do you think, John?
Oh, absolutely.
Is it four million people now watch your video lessons, for want of a better phrase, right?
That's -- yes, that's right.
And you've taken that kind of philosophy and said, right, we're going to make these like a short, sharp shock, right?
Yes.
With other countries now steaming past America, what is the number one thing you want to see, whoever wins the next election, do about this?
I -- I think there's going to be a broad push to making classrooms more human.
But is the -- is the -- the right move forward for kids to be doing as much work at home as they do at school and doing it on computers, which is their natural habitat anyway?
No.
-- just casually referencing you like that?
-- you know, I have to tell you, he -- he has always been so nice to me.
ORGAN: Really?
Yes.
It's amazing, because -- I mean, do I assume that your politics lean the Republican way?
Well, yes, you can say that.
So after the debate, you must have been a happy guy this week, yes?
I thought it went really well.
Have you ever walked into a karaoke bar and sung one of your own songs without people knowing it's you?
I haven't done that, but I'll tell you what I have done.
I mean no man can do something finer for another man than that, can he?
Absolutely.
Lionel?
-- his own songs.
Have you ever made love to a woman to your own music?
No.
Would you tell me if you had?
Maybe.
Twenty years?
We've been married 15 years.
How many times would you say you've been properly in love in your life?
Well, at least five.
-- wouldn't you say?
That might be a record, I think.
You're an incurable romantic, really, aren't you, Kenny?
I -- yes, I -- I think I'm codependent.
Final question, if you could be trapped on a desert island and you could only sing one of your songs again for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Who -- it would probably be "Lady," because I think it -- well, in all fairness, the song I enjoy singing more now, maybe because I haven't done it as much, I'd do "We've Got Tonight" in the show, a song I did with Sheena.
What do you make of that?
Well, certainly the debate was a defining moment in this campaign, but I think it's pretty simple.
Do you think the debate performance has actually carried over weight with women generally?
I think, you know, two observations on that, Piers.
I mean can you articulate for me exactly what the key difference would be, if he became president?
A number of key differences.
So presumably you would like to see -- would you like to see Mubarak?
Israel is not more secure and Iran is closer to a nuclear weapon.
I mean where would you go with this threat?
Well, what I would want -- well, let -- what I would want and what we didn't have and what we don't have is I'd like to have a strategy.
What would you say to that?
I think the most interesting thing about Governor Romney is not just this speech but his entire foreign policy approach is the complete absence of specifics and we even heard that from former Senator Coleman there, so he's upset about the situation in Syria.
It was a fairly dismal performance, wasn't it?
Correct.
This is catastrophic, isn't it?
Well, it's not catastrophic.
What happened?
Well --
Are you correcting your prediction?
We are.
If Romney can?
Yes.
Would you agree with that?
Well, in the debate he was able to reposition himself toward the center of the electorate.
I mean you must be, I would imagine, jubilant at some of these poll numbers today but in reality, can they hold and what is going on with women voters here, do you think?
So I don't think it's about personality as you said earlier.
Because if he's not, isn't he just talking a lot of hot air?
I think it's less about the differences in what goals or ultimate vision the two men have, and it's a difference in how they would want to execute them.
What does that mean?
Look, I think Mitt Romney's foreign policy can be described like this.
Why do you want to talk out now?
I feel that it's about time, the time that all this commotion was happening, we were forced to leave our home.
What went through your mind in that moment?
At that moment it feel like I couldn't believe what had happened.
Have you -- have you come to terms with the possibility that George may go to prison for 25 or 30 years if he's found guilty?
I believe in the judicial system.
Do you -- as his mother, do you wish that George had never gone out carrying a gun that evening?
Mr. Morgan, there are so many things that we, you know, can wish as parents, but I will not answer to that question because I don't want, you know, people to elaborate of what, you know, the mother has said.
If you had the chance, Gladys, to talk to Trayvon Martin's parents, what would you say to them?
It was already said by a statement that my son had made public.
What would you say as a mother to another mother who had lost her son?
That I'm deeply sorry for what had happened.
How is George doing now, how is he coping with incarceration, how is he coping with the impending trial?
Well, he's not incarcerated right now.
I mean how free is he to go about?
That's right, that's exactly right, it is restrictive.
If the situation had been reversed, if it had been George who was going back to visit a family relative, having gone to a store who was unarmed, and he got into an altercation with somebody, Trayvon Martin, for argument's sake, and Trayvon Martin had produced a gun and shot your son dead, do you think you would feel differently about what happened?
Mr. Morgan, I don't want to touch anything that has to do directly with the case.
Do you think that regardless of what happens in this case, would you like to see tougher gun control laws in America?
It -- excuse me.
Why did he do so badly?
Well, you know, Piers, I don't think he did that badly.
Really?
I think that we were all a little taken aback by Mitt Romney's performance and he --Mitt Romney had a great performance.
Sorry?
Right.
Is he right when he says that?
No.
Do you believe him?
Now if you do the math on that --
Do you believe him?
-- there aren't enough loopholes and deductions that equal $5 trillion.
So he is lying, you think?
I don't think he's being honest about his tax cut.
So which is it?
Well, we shall find out, no doubt.
Hey, Piers, how are you?
Stephanie Cutter wants an answer out of your guys.
Have you any idea?
Well, first of all, I would say that listening to Stephanie's interview, I mean, it's just symptomatic of what's been going on with the Obama campaign since last week's debate.
But do we anticipate from the Romney camp, from Mitt Romney himself, in the next 28 days, that we will get the devil of the detail on this?
Look, look, Piers, you know, President Obama has talked about reducing the corporate tax rate.
What are you anticipating?
Yes, sure.
How have you dealt with the fallout from all this?
Well, you know, people are going to have their own opinion, and that's the point.
Why have you decided to change to Mitt Romney?
I would say because of the state of the country and I want the next four years to be different.
What do you think has been the predominant factor in the fury?
You know, in the -- I really don't understand the fury.
Were you saddened?
I am.
Really?
I mean, really disgusting.
You think it's stupid?
Just come on.
Have you heard from Mitt Romney at all?
Yes.
Paul Ryan rang you today?
Yes, he did.
What did he say?
He said thank you so much for your support and that I was brave and that they support me.
Any of the Obama campaign been on?
No, they haven't.
What does it say to you about the state of the political discourse and debate in America that one innocuous tweet from you, purely because you're an actress and the color of your skin, sparked this kind of mayhem?
I think it tells me that our state -- the state of our country is that we are not united.
So he's an Obama man?
He's an Obama -- yes, he's an Obama man and that's fine.
What do you make of it?
Well, I mean, listen, I think that it's unfortunate that anybody can make up their mind and vote however they want.
Do you think it was mainly because she was a black actress or because she was an actress and actually in Hollywood there aren't many actresses who say vote Mitt Romney?
Well, I mean I think maybe there's some bit of both.
So why the fury?
I think there are lots of blacks supporting Romney.
Charles Blow?
Well, you can't say both things.
Rick, what do you make of what happened to him, to Jack Welch?
Well, again, you know, I think what we just heard from Charles, who is a prominent liberal, is exactly part of I think this problem, is that we whittle around the fact that when liberals are intolerant, we can't say it for some reason.
Are you seriously saying that I didn't say that?
What I'm saying, Charles, is that you can't just say that intolerance exists.
People are like we would vote for Clinton but why isn't the president doing this?
I think that on the stump you get a much more passionate Barack Obama.
How are you handling it?
Well, it's the big white elephant in the room we can't avoid.
How do you feel about that?
Never.
This is years old, right?
It's years.
You didn't know you had been videotaped?
No, I had no idea there was a camera set up.
Are you any nearer to knowing who betrayed you?
At this point, no.
Why?
It was all about change.
What do you make of America right now?
I think we're in trouble.
When you go into bars and things, do people come up and try it on?
No, that's what's so funny, is, you know, I really don't go to bars.
In terms of injuries you sustained, what physical shape are you in?
It's been a rough ride.
How are you tonight?
So the president looks mean there.
Do you intend to pursue any legislation specifically regarding abortion?
I don't -- there's no legislation regarding -- with regards to abortion that I'm familiar with that -- that would become part of my agenda.
So which is it?
He's referring -- listen.
Do you see it as an evolution or do you see it -- see it as a rather cynical exercise?
I think -- no.
Should heads roll?
Well, first of all, Piers, you know, President Obama knew Ambassador Chris Stevens.
That it had been planned?
Piers, I -- I can't even believe that you would suggest that Ambassador Rice would make deliberately misleading statements.
-- that Ambassador Rice was simply wrong?
Well, I think as more information came out, the initial information that would -- that they had was perceived to be that the attack was the result of protests and as the investigation has worn on, which is the responsible way to deal with it, we've come out and the administration has said, well, it's clear that now it was the result of a terrorist attack.
And secondly, what -- why, with the world's intelligence, amass that you have at the White House and the Pentagon and so on, why could you make statements four, five days after (INAUDIBLE) with completely the wrong explanation for what has provoked this attack?
Piers, Piers, because these investigations are complicated and detailed and rather than say absolutely nothing, rather than -- you know, than not give information to the American people, Ambassador Rice went out and talked about what they believed to be happening at the time with the information on -- from the intelligence community that she had.
Pretty un-American to be putting out completely false statements before you know the facts, isn't it?
Piers, it is not, it is not OK for you to be saying that the administration was putting out completely false statements.
What?
It doesn't mean that it wasn't deliberate.
Who could have thought that we'd be in this position?
No, I --
Would you?
No, I think both of us secretly thought Barack Obama was cruising to victory.
Is that what you thought?
Yes.
It's funny I was also watching that, I'm thinking, nobody was having more fun during this election than Bill Clinton, you know?
Yes.
Could it in a funny way hurt him?
It could hurt him and when I was watching that clip, in fact, I was thinking about animation in Clinton's -- you know, voice and face, and I was thinking about Barack Obama during the last debate where he just look like he didn't want to be there.
I mean what is wrong with that position?
There is nothing wrong with that position.
Biden versus Ryan, who's going to win?
I think because the expectation is heavy that Ryan wins by a lot, I think Biden wins.
And Romney-Obama next week?
Again, because of expectations, I think we're going to be talking about how good Obama was because no one -- everyone is going to be comparing it to his last debate.
So is this a lie?
I mean Governor Romney has made very clear that if a bill comes to his desk, that overturns "Roe versus Wade" that he will be fully supportive of that.
Which one is he?
It's not that his position changed, it's that he says that, you know, he -- there is a difference between if a bill came to my desk, I'd sign it and I'm going to go to Congress and fight for a bill.
You don't really care about abortion as an issue?
No, I think it's an important issue, but I think fixing the economy is the most important thing.
What the hell were you doing, Barack?
I'm not going to speculate on what happened in the White House.
Or is everyone really waiting for the next one?
I don't think Paul Ryan is on the menu.
What is it about?
It is bipartisan, transatlantic and private.
How do we get the elevator working again?
Well, we focus on areas where we think the business community can really be involved.
Should more business leaders be doing this?
Well, I think that, yes, we need to do that.
Which of the two leaders right now, pound for pound, dollar for dollar, would you say gives the best chance of fulfilling what you would like to see?
I really think we have laid the question down to ourselves of we're asking what the business community needs to do.
He sent me two letters saying by the way, can you send me some stimulus money?
Mr. Vice President, I know --
How plausible is that?
Well, you know, the buck has to stop somewhere.
What do you think?
That part is hard to say.
So, my immediate question to you is, does your dad do that scary laugh to his own kids?
Look, my dad's a wonderful, wonderful father.
Did you feel in the moment that your dad had won quite easily?
EAU BIDEN: Well, look, you know, I thought he did what we set out to do and that's communicate directly to the American people what he and the president want to continue doing for the middle class.
Does he feel that?
Not at all.
If the Republicans were to win and actually put more troops in Afghanistan, what would that do, do you think, to the morale of the military?
Look, the military does what it's asked to do.
You know what the unemployment rate in Scranton is today?
I sure do.
If you're the guy who's being Paul Ryan for days on end, how do you feel watching the real thing happening without you?
Oh, that's a very good question.
Why did not more people think that your man won?
Well, it's hard to know how to read these polls.
When you were being Paul Ryan, were you nervously gulping water every three minutes in the prep?
Well, I didn't do that.
Do you actually put on a Paul Ryan voice when you're pretending to be him?
Well, look, I'm not trying to go for any Academy Awards on the acting side.
But what -- who do you think won last night?
I think Joe Biden won the debate.
Kristen, do you agree with that?
No, I don't agree with that, but I think it is possible for Republicans to really think their guy won and for Democrats to really think their guy won.
Kristen Soltis, what did you make of his extraordinary water intake because Joe Biden didn't drink at all?
I think staying hydrated is really important.
Carol Roth, would you rather have a presidential, vice presidential candidate who drinks a lot of water in a nervous way or one like Joe Biden who toughs it out?
Well, I think Joe Biden clearly had a lot of Mountain Dew before he went on the debate, where Paul Ryan favored the water.
As it went on, I found it increasingly infectious and began laughing with him, which can't help Ryan, can it?
Look, I don't think how much Joe Biden smiled or how hydrated Paul Ryan is, is going to decide the election, but I agree with you.
You did ask for stimulus money?
Sure he did.
So he should be grateful, really, to the government for providing it, right?
No, he shouldn't be grateful about the stimulus.
It's very, very important that Barack Obama comes back with a win, isn't it?
Well, it depends on who you're voting for.
Don't you?
No, no, I don't think so.
If he lost by the same degree that he lost the other night, wouldn't that really be the end?
Look what's happened since.
Kristen, last word to you, how do you think it will go on Tuesday?
I think you are going to see another really great performance from Governor Romney.
How does that make you feel?
Thank you.
Really?
Yes, and I had to go feel really uncomfortable until I had a good night.
Can you be as good sober?
I think I'm there.
I could give you five hours to relive the party, what would you go for?
We played in Chicago back then, the Eagles did, and we had a -- we were on top of the world and we had a great show.
Belushi was the top dog, wasn't he?
Yes.
How are you seeing it this time around?
I'm historically a Democrat, but I don't agree with either of them 100 percent.
Who will it be or haven't you decided yet?
Congress is the problem.
Why when Americans are about to vote now is he the guy to do the most important thing, turn round America's economy?
He knows how to fix things.
What do you say to that?
I'm not sure where you got your facts but --
Why not say, my dad is going to crush him?
Pull off a Chris Christie.
What comfort can you give young women that think that your father is going to come after them?
If we keep spending $1 trillion a year more than we take in, and we keep saddling this country and the future generations with debt, none of those things matter.
How do you feel about this?
This is --
How do you feel about that?
.
Who's One Direction?
Not good at all.
Have you begun to think about what that could be like?
We really don't.
Do you feel, though, that there's been a real change since that last debate, that there's been an irrational reaction in your father's favor because of the way he performed and indeed, the poor way that the president performed?
So much enthusiasm.
And what happens?
Very aggressive as teenagers.
And by the way, where is Ben?
He's busy being a doctor.
A bunch of malarkey?
Yes.
What does that mean?
It's Irish.
(INAUDIBLE) Mitt Romney across the stage?
No, not at all.
You would have been equally unimpressed, wouldn't you?
Well -- well, I would push back on that.
Why is this?
Well, let me say -- let me say this.
What on earth makes you think I fantasize about that?
No.
How are you?
I'm fine.
How did it go, the meeting with Mitt Romney?
It was a nice meeting.
I think you were raised Roman Catholic?
I was, yes.
Do you think he is a Christian?
Well, first of all, I'm not going to get into what each candidate believes or they don't believe.
All wondering -- but they're all wondering if we vote for this guy, are we voting for somebody who essentially is a Christian?
Sure.
Don't you think it's a quite interesting debate, though?
You ask him.
Do you have any problem with that?
No, because I think as we get older, Piers, we do change our views.
Gay marriage?
The definition of marriage.
Why shouldn't gay people get married?
Listen, they can do whatever they want.
Can they get married or not?
No.
Do you think it's a sin, homosexuality?
Yes, sure.
Anything you want to share with me?
I'm glad my mother's not here.
How's your father?
He's doing well, thank you.
Have your worst fears been realized?
Even beyond my worst fears.
Do you agree with that?
I do agree with that.
Do you see that in him?
I doubt seriously whether that's, in fact, what has happened.
Do you agree with that?
Not at this late stage.
What did you make of that, in particular the way the White House behaved in the aftermath?
Well, I think we have to allow for some light and shade and some perspective.
Is she just taking the heat away from Obama tomorrow night, do you think?
Exactly.
In all your experience, is it credible that the White House, the president, the vice president, would have no knowledge of any requests from an embassy for extra security, particularly in a hot spot like Libya, where there's been so much attention from the White House in the last year?
I can certainly see where someone else would have a different view, but I think it is credible, particularly in the heat of an election campaign.
Or do you think it suited the agenda of the administration to not have this as a reminder that al Qaeda's alive and well and killing Americans?
Two points.
Quick reaction to that, Dan?
ATHER: Playing defense.
Skillfully, do you think?
As skillfully as possible under the circumstances.
Really?
Yes.
And how does the president that wins in three weeks time put it right?
TEWART: What happened really, I think, was that manufacturing went where labor was cheap and more plentiful, and more amenable to hard work.
Is the genie out of the bottle, do you think?
Well, I think it can come back.
Do you that think he's in that big a hole?
I think it's a big debate.
What's the website?
MarthaStewart.com.
David, how are you?
I'm great, Piers.
Are things a little chipper, more chipper down there than they were after the first debate?
Well, we were very, very happy with the debate.
And that's got to worry you, hasn't it?
Not - it doesn't really worry me, Piers, because I saw a whole bunch of data off of that debate including other polls and focused groups and dial groups.
These are huge sticks to beat you guys with, aren't they?
Well, let me say a few things about that first, Piers.
Do you accept as the administration that there were failings here?
Well, look, I think what the president said last night was very, very clear.
Does he never see any request of that nature?
Piers, there are -- I don't know, I think 270 installations around the country and all of those go into the security professionals at the State Department who make judgments based on their expertise as to what is done.
Do you guys think that perhaps you should be focusing on more serious stuff than this?
Well, I think the binders for women formulation was an awkward formulation.
It reminds everybody of the ever present danger of a rogue terrorist element in whatever guise they come, isn't it?
Yes, we -- this is a reality we live in, not just in the New York City area, all over the country.
Why shouldn't Candy Crowley have jumped in when she did?
Well, clearly the phrase "act of terror" was in the speech that was given in the Rose Garden.
But he was clumsy, wasn't he?
Not to my mind.
He should have phrased it a different way?
Perhaps.
Is that the way you see it?
Yes, I don't this changes the momentum or the dynamics of the race at all.
And are you getting very worried about what you are seeing in the polls, which is clear momentum now surging behind Mitt Romney?
I don't think there is clear momentum surging behind Mitt Romney.
What did you make of the debate last night?
Well, it's interesting, because the first question, I was pleased to see, came from a college student.
So both candidates are way off the mark, you think?
And meanwhile, you have a huge missed opportunity.
Who is going to win that, and who has the stronger position on foreign policy?
So, I think this is one of those ones where I actually view Mitt Romney as having the potential -- he's coming in I think a bit as the under dog, but has a really strong hand.
Not a bad resume, isn't it, on the old -- on the old ticket in the first term?
I think you have to do a lot more.
Matt, very, very quickly, the youth view of this?
I'd say two things.
Who do you trust more, Romney or Obama on foreign policy?
The average young person probably is for Barack Obama on foreign policy, because he ended the war and he has a clear record.
Nobody really wants to do anything about government control, do they?
It appears not at this point.
Disappointed?
Yes, I am.
Again, I wasn't really impressed by the answers, were you?
No, not at all.
Are you more likely to get one if Barack Obama or Mitt Romney wins, from what you heard last night?
If Mitt Romney wins, he said I'll have a job by the time I graduate in 2014.
Did you believe him?
I don't think so.
What was your overview, by the time you look back on it, about how they answered?
I thought neither question during the debate was on point.
What did he say to you?
He told me that the cause for delay between the Rose Garden announcement and the 14 day official terrorist announcement was because he wanted to be deliberate, that any action he took anywhere in the world, especially in the Middle East, could cause irreparable harm, and he wanted to act on true information, not misinformation.
Nina, did they talk to you, the candidates, afterward?
Yes, I spoke to Governor Romney and I spoke to President Obama.
Did either of them give you any glimmer of hope about gun control or not?
I was anxious to hear President Obama's reaction.
Carol, did you get anything from either of them afterwards?
Not so much Romney, he was not -- but President Obama came by, thanked me for the question, and said it was a good question.
Jeremy, either of them personally say, look, you can come and work for me?
I talked a little bit with Barack Obama's campaign people.
So is it quality time then?
I guess so.
I haven't completely made my mind up, but I lean towards President Obama?
ORGAN: President Obama.
What are we about to see?
The Alfred Smith Dinner here in just a few moments from now.
Gloria, why do these candidates normally attend this event sponsored by the Archdiocese of New York?
I think at this point in the campaign, Wolf, it's clear to them and it's also pretty clear to us that what we need is some civility, a little bit of humor.
Don't you agree?
I would imagine so.
What do you think is going to happen in the course of the next hour?
Well, I think that Ross actually made a very interesting point because if you remember, Barack Obama and John McCain actually used to be friends.
How is preparing to tell some jokes?
Well, you know, I think they're being pretty tightlipped about the material that we're going to be hearing later on this evening.
Cadeau?
I don't know.
Is that what it is?
You know, one thing I'm reminded of, Wolf, is how important presidential joke writers are.
What did you think, Gloria?
I thought he was funny.
Gloria, what did you think?
I thought he was funny.
How did they do?
I -- I agree with the whole panel.
Don't you?
Yes, I look forward to wearing those white ties.
Were you surprised by this poll?
I was surprised by that poll, Wolf.
Were you surprised by that?
No, those were the numbers you would expect to see.
And the question is, will it pay off?
And you see new ads from the Romney campaign, Tanya, right now stressing the fact that Romney believes there should be exceptions.
What's it like to give away $1 billion?
You can't do it very often.
Are you nervous?
A little bit.
What is going on in America right now that is preventing more Tyler Perrys coming through, because clearly, they're not coming through in the same number?
Well, I think it's just, if you look at the country and then you look at what we came out of, you know, and this is with the administration before this, it was very, very difficult.
What is your advice for 23 million other Americans who are currently out of work and want a job?
Well, for me, I -- I can tell you this, and this may not be good advice for every person that's out of work, but for a lot of people, what I've found, and even when I was going through and homeless and trying to find a job and all those things, sometimes it means that you ought to try something else, something different, something new, because there were times in my life where I lost a lot.
What do you think is going to happen?
I'm not actually looking forward to the third one.
Why is it getting so fractured?
Well, unfortunately, I just -- being in the business that I'm in, which is show business, I realize that a lot of things is smoke and mirrors, a lot of this.
What did you think of that?
Well, I think it's awful that -- that it happened.
Can any president deserve four more years if those two big figures loom large for the electorate?
ERRY: Well, I think about it this way.
Is America more or less racist after four years of its first black president?
That's very interesting question.
Is that helpful?
I don't -- first of all, I don't think it's healthy.
He had been abused?
Oh, abused his entire life.
How did you find this out?
I found it out by asking questions, finally, of him, because I was talking to him --
So, he told you?
He told me a lot about it.
Is he still alive, your father?
Yes, he's still alive.
And what kind of relationship do you have with him?
We don't speak very much, but I am taking care of him.
You support him?
Absolutely, 100 percent.
Do you think despite the way that he -- he manhandled you and beat you and so on, did you feel that he loved you?
No, I never felt that.
Really?
-- so that was another thing I didn't know, which caused a lot of issues, as well.
Did you have that out with him?
I did, about four years ago I asked, why.
Has he ever said sorry?
No, he hasn't.
Would you like him to?
At this point, I don't know if it matters.
She -- it -- well, you mean of all the success?
Yes.
-- get her a red Jaguar?
I did.
What did she say to you?
Just -- she's speechless, just a thank you and the love.
Who you think you're talking to, old lady?
You don't know me.
ORGAN: Did you ever think, when you were young and you -- you thought of treading the boards that one day you'd be world famous for cross dressing?
Yes, never --
There are lots of other Madeas from every -- I've met a Jewish Madea, I've met an Italian Madea, you know?
It's about strong women.
Any comment?
No.
You feel uncomfortable talking about money?
I just try -- it drives me insane.
-- show off about it?
No, who wants to show -- it's not a -- it's certainly not about showing off.
What is the best thing about money, though, for you?
Again, the best thing which is -- which changed my entire life was being able to support my mother.
Why do you -- why do you feel awkward talking about this kind of thing?
Because I just feel that to whom much is given, much is required.
How have you avoided the pitfalls that go with superstar fame, big money and all the rest of it?
My faith.
How do you know that?
I know everything, Tyler.
You supplied the plane, didn't you?
I did.
What is this, that this woman's life is not worth a moment of silence?
Take another break, Tyler.
Do you enjoy playing the action hero?
I actually did.
What does that mean?
That's what Oprah said to me.
Why?
Because there are
And what went wrong?
I think we were both very young.
Was it, in the end, your decision to walk away?
Yes.
Do you regret that?
No, I don't.
You thought it was the right thing?
Yeah, because we both were in a place where -- I just realized I should not have said this because -- I should not have said this.
Why shouldn't you have said it?
Because I said too much.
What's the rush?
Yeah.
Don't you want little Tylers running around?
Yeah.
Do you want a glass of water?
I need a shot of vodka, my friend.
How are you?
I'm fine.
Who do you think's going to win?
I don't know.
Are you surprised how powerful television has now become?
I'd say a little bit.
Does he deserve a second term?
If he gets elected.
Has he done enough, do you think?
For me, he has.
What do you want to see from whoever wins in three weeks time?
I want to see the best man win.
How can a president smartly revive things do you think?
Well, I think we spend to much money on the military.
Pretty extraordinary thing to have done, to give a billion dollars of your own money away, right?
What it did was, more than just itself, it set a precedent for so many other people to give money while they are young and vibrant and alive, not after they die.
What should America be doing?
I think the global policeman should be the United Nations.
That's shocking, isn't it?
Well, what -- no, I think it's -- I think it's good, because it's so clear that we're programmed and we're born to love and help each other, not to kill each other, to destroy each other.
Are you pleased with how the money is being used?
Absolutely.
Did you like what you heard from the two candidates?
What I was struck by most, Piers, is how remarkable it was that you have -- you know, running for president is about convincing the American people that you can be trusted to do what you say you're going to do.
So what's the difference?
The president spent a lot of time working throughout the administration to figure out a way to deal with a very, very difficult issue.
There were details on various things but in terms of a strategy, I thought they were pretty similar, wasn't it?
Well, clearly the governor embraced the strong and decisive policies that the president over the last three and a half years, but if you follow, and I know you have, Piers, the campaign, the 20 debates the Republicans have, Governor Romney staked out far, far, far more conservative positions on a whole host of issues, including Osama bin Laden.
How are you?
I'm doing well.
Have the Republicans got a problem because of that op-ed piece that Mitt Romney wrote basically distancing himself from a bailout?
It's important to remember what he said.
But then if you were watching Letterman last night, Mr. Speaker -- were you?
No, I wasn't, unfortunately.
Do you take it at face value?
Well, I was with Richard Branson recently, the head of Virgin Airlines, who in fact is building a system that next summer is going to take people up into near space, near orbit.
I mean, what are we going to do with them?
Well, funny enough, my brother is a British army colonel.
Never seen them used in action?
No.
What would the odds have been on that, a Republican candidate mentioning peace 12 times to a Democratic president, zero?
And he talked about education and he talked about the importance of gender equality.
Did he achieve that aim?
Yes, I think he did.
What is your -- what is your sense of what's really happening in the battleground areas in particular?
Well, I mean, in defense of Ante, he -- I mean he says that it might go Romney's way but he still says 70 percent chance that Obama will be re-elect.
What is your gut feeling for the battleground battle in particular?
I think that it will come down to Ohio.
Am I right?
No.
Isn't he much less threatening?
You keep asking me who the real Mitt Romney is.
What about what Hillary Clinton said about Barack Obama?
-- very different argument to say that someone is not qualified to hold office.
Who is my candidate?
Raising taxes -- wait, I assume your candidate, from your columns, is Barack Obama.
Are you not an Obama supporter?
I am saying --
You want to go ahead, Bissinger, or you want to let me finish?
Yeah.
And if you don't, has he really earned the right to be re-elected?
I absolutely hear people saying that they are proud of the things --
Do you believe he's done a great job in totality?
I think on the whole, yes.
What have you sensed in yourself about the choices in front of you that made you do that?
Well, I mean, the reason I did it -- and it's a personal choice, and I respect what Charles -- what his decision is.
What do you think of that, General Clark?
I think it reflects the fact the country's gone to a volunteer force.
Why?
You know, we had a million men in France.
How important was it from your eyes?
Well, I think to a great extent, it still leaves a lot of people concerned that the administration felt so necessary to get out and make pronouncements about what turned out to be false facts on the ground.
Were you pleased by what you heard from him?
I think it was a strategic move.
Do you think that's a fair assessment, that Obama, for all his critics, has in four years done a very different kind of style?
That certainly may be the perception in Great Britain.
Or is the answer that we need less going forward?
We need a winning strategy.
Governor, how are you?
I'm great, Piers.
How are you?
Somebody tweeted me in the middle of last night's show.
How do you react to that?
Well, you know I explained.
None of this is very good for the president, is it?
Well, look, first of all, you cannot deny that there are still people out of work.
Have you recovered?
I'm very well, thank you.
Any regrets?
None.
But were you surprised by the ferocity of the attacks on you?
ELCH: Particularly -- I was surprised when you think about the fact that they've called Governor Romney a felon.
This is 2,000 people calling up and saying, are you working?
Here's the problem I see for you, Jack, going forward is if Mitt Romney becomes president, every single time the job figure is announced and it's gone down, i.e., it's good news for him, every Democrat will jump up and say, Jack Welch says this is complete rubbish.
That is green shoot for the housing industry, right?
Auto is as strong.
Do you want to take a chance on that?
Well, we did --
If that's what gets Obama home, wasn't that one op-ed piece a disaster?
They put it into the wrong place with the wrong headline.
Is it down to a question mark?
I -- no, hold it.
Donald, how are you?
Hello, Piers.
But what is the difference between Mitt Romney's refusal to release his tax returns and the president not being inclined to release his college records?
Well, there's a massive difference.
What's stopping him -- in this new spirit of transparency that you want to see, what is to stop your friend Mitt just saying, you know what, I know there are doubts, people still -- see the offshore records, here it is going back 12 years?
Well, I'll tell you, as far as I'm concerned, I think, and I told this to Mitt, if you -- if he release I'd like to do a swap.
Piers, why wouldn't he do it?
Well, the only reason he would do it --
Well, why wouldn't he take it up?
Well, I don't think --
But Piers, why wouldn't he take it up?
I don't think he would, is my point.
Well, the point is it was memorable, right?
Memorably awful.
What do you think of Clint Eastwood and his apparent flip- flopping?
I think it's probably a rehabilitation of Clint Eastwood as much as it is an endorsement of Mitt Romney.
Isn't he?
I don't see -- you are right.
Right, you would like Mitt Romney to stand up tomorrow and say that God intends rapes to happen, would you?
That's not what he said.
Am I wrong here?
I don't think we should misquote him.
Charles Blow, am I misrepresenting when he says that basically he's saying, look, you know, women who get raped and have babies, it's all God's will?
Right, and I think there's a part -- this becomes very personal.
Katie Pavlich, why is it not a woman's decision in the most most appalling circumstance of being raped, that she decides without any fear of censure from anybody else in America -- she decides what she does?
I personally believe that there should be an exception in the case of rape.
Are there any things that you regret about all this?
What I would say is this idea that Goldman is relieved or find nothing in the book, I think this is part of this Wall Street mentality.
Do you see any changes since this has all blown up?
The biggest misconception right now in terms of the financial crisis, -- Dodd-Frank was a bill that was passed almost two years ago.
Senator, how are you?
Fine, Piers.
How are you?
You've been spitting blood all morning about Colin Powell endorsing Barack Obama again.
Why are you so angry about it?
I'm not angry about it.
Is that dignified for the president of the United States to use that term about his rival?
Of course not.
Could in the end Wisconsin potentially be more important than Ohio here?
I think it could be.
What do you make of it?
Well, it will be interesting to see whether it holds or not, because, you know, there are many disparate groups in Syria now that are fighting against Bashar Assad ranging from jihadists which are pouring in to people who are pro-democracy so I'm not sure it holds.
But without that original posting, then the e-mail at the center of your complaint becomes obsolete, doesn't it?
Well, I think -- I think you have to look at this in its entirety.
Were you involved in all three of the president's debates this time?
I was.
So what the hell happened on that first one?
Well, President Obama said that Governor Romney had a good night and he didn't, and I have to leave it at that.
You go along with that or not?
No, I don't go with that.
What is your gut feeling about exactly where we are right now?
Sure.
What is your view?
There is no panic.
What do you say to that?
Well, apparently Mr. Romney, Governor Romney, and his attorney are strangers to the truth not only with that comment but with many other comments they've made during this campaign, because, of course, I've not shopped them at all.
So I asked Governor Romney, how low can you stoop, Governor Romney, to allow your attorney to launch this attack on a single mom who you know cannot defend herself because she is still under that gag order?
Well, we'll see what happens, obviously, with the legal action here.
Does this stagger you that these politicians running for the Senate, second one now, would say such extraordinary things about something as sensitive as rape and abortion and so on?
Well, I wish I could say that it surprises me but it doesn't, because there is that kind of extremism in the Republican Party.
Do you have a respect for people who perhaps don't phrase it such a clumsy way but have a religious conviction about the sanctity of life in any kind of situation like that?
Well, I definitely support his right to have any religious conviction he wants.
When you see the sexualization of the polling booth, as a woman, do you feel comfortable with that?
Well, first of all, I don't have a horse in the ring or dog in the fight because I'm Canadian.
But what is more offensive, him doing that or him continuing to support a candidate for the Senate who thinks it's God's intent for women to be raped and impregnated?
No, that man has apologized.
But that -- do you think he's right?
He hasn't apologized for what he said.
But Marjorie Clifton, what do you think?
Well, I think what this ad speaks to is the fact that 56 percent of voters are women and specifically in this independent swing vote that everybody is clamoring for, that is your demographic, that woman that created "Girls."
I'm doing your job for you, but what do you want to say to that?
I think there's another important thing.
Can we have a -- can we have the same conversation that America's women are having across the country?
Wait a minute.
Are you falling for it?
Well, it is a problem on the flip-flopping.
John, how are you?
I'm well.
Were you listening to those three feisty ladies going at it just now?
I was trying not to.
What is your reading of it all?
Well, look, I think last time I was on your program, I said presidential campaigns are like basketball games.
Would you accept that charge?
Yeah, no, I don't.
And then you have somebody like Richard Mourdock, who wants to be a senator, coming out and saying basically it's God's intent when women are impregnated by rapists, you must groan, don't you?
I do.
Is it time he left the party, do you think?
I'm not sure how important that is.
What reason would that be?
Well, I think when you have somebody of your own race that you are proud of being president of the United States, I applaud Colin for standing with him.
Are you pleased to see your offspring being so active in this area?
My dad always said there's only two things in the middle of the road.
What is your view of where the country is?
My view is that, you know, America's coming out of a deep hole.
You would vote for him again?
I'm going to vote for him again.
Dedicating it to Mitt Romney?
I guess I am.
Is it time he left the party, do you think?
Well, I'm not sure how important that is.
What reason would that be?
Well, I think when you have somebody of your own race that you're proud of being president of the United States, I applaud Colin for standing with him.
What is your view now about where we are with the information?
This is the time that people should be putting plans together.
Is it as dire today as it seemed last night?
I don't think so, because the storm today, and that's the Twitter universe, that was exactly what I was thinking at that moment in time.
Was he just being stupid?
I think it's probably not true.
What isn't true?
That it's only because he's black and Colin Powell is liberal.
You actually agree with me?
I agree with the bottom line.
Is America a more or less racist country since Barack Obama became president?
I think it's not a racist country.
You actually believe that?
I can save you a lot of time.
Do you?
Yes.
Is that your belief?
For the law, yes.
And when you're running for office, will you stop talking philosophically?
The latest poll, "USA Today"/Gallup says abortion at 39 percent is the number one issue for women in 12 swing states.
You surprised by that?
I'm suspicious of that.
Would you like Romney if he wins to overturn Roe versus Wade as he has threatened to in the past?
Well, I don't think it's much of a threat.
ORGAN: Why did you do it?
I think you are doing what you are so testy with Sununu doing to Colin Powell.
Why call the president of the United States a retard?
Because it's a synonym for loser.
Says who?
OK, it's offensive and you're going to come up with 20 different ways to tell me it's offensive.
You wouldn't use the "N" word, would you?
Not the "N" word argument.
Why would you allow the word police as you put it to make any exceptions?
I should have called my book three books back about "Guilty: Liberal Victims and Their Assault on America".
Will you continue using the retard word?
Yes.
Really?
Yes, of course.
I'm sure you loved that, didn't you?
Yes, it's going to be my exhibit henceforth for both of the groups I want to take the vote away from, young people and women.
You would take away the female vote, would you?
Yes.
What is the point?
That it was a rash experiment and we should reconsider the 19th Amendment.
What have I said that's been remotely sexist?
Calm down.
Who's going to win the election?
I think it's going to be Romney.
Where do you credit the president?
I like the drone attacks.
You in favor of that?
I can't say I'm in favor of the withdrawal since I was against the escalation.
Who is that?
Yes.
Why do you press those little buttons?
I'm not pressing buttons.
ORGAN: Do you like being offensive?
Please.
Do you mind that?
Manifestly not.
A gift to be offensive?
Well, no, to annoy liberals which isn't very hard, by the way.
Would you ever date a liberal?
No.
What was your reaction to that?
Well, the word retard is offensive and should not be -- should not be a symbol for someone who is dumb and shallow.
Have you ever met him?
TEPHENS: I have.
Do you think there's a wider argument that, putting aside the disability, the word retard, the offense it causes to people like yourself, that actually you should just use more respect to the president?
Of course.
What would you like to say in conclusion?
I would like to say thank you.
Have you heard about that?
I haven't heard -- I have seen those same reports but I'm not able to confirm, you know, directly whether that has happened.
What can you tell me?
Yes.
Did you?
This crane on 57th Street.
Do you have an update for us on what the plan is for this?
I think they are -- the most recent update I have heard, and that can certainly change, is that although they were going to try to walk up the stairs of the building, that they were not particularly confident that given the high winds that they would be able to necessarily secure it in any way.
Are you able to confirm how many people may have lost their lives in New York tonight?
The only confirmed fatality I have is the 30-year-old man who was hit by a tree.
How has this been able to happen given we had nearly a week of warning that this huge storm was coming?
Well, looking at the pictures and everything else, what I believe happened is that the crane operator and the supervision on the job did not follow the manufacturer's recommendation.
Could that happen?
Absolutely it could happen.
What are you experiencing?
Well, Piers, the story here is without question, flooding.
What can you tell me about that and how much of a problem will that be for the mayor, if indeed people do get trapped and potentially lose their lives?
Well, we were talking to the mayor of Atlantic City on air earlier, and I had asked him, I said look, 3:00, 4:00 in the afternoon, what do you do if you haven't left, because the roads have started to become overtopped and he said at that point, if you're not out, stay where you are, get to high ground.
Have you ever seen anything quite like this?
No.
What is it like where you are?
You know, we're experiencing an epic, unprecedented and unpredictable storm in Newark right now.
Is it simply just stay at home, batten down the hatches and wait?
That's exactly right.
What do you make of what we're seeing here?
Well, it's incredible.
How are you fairing over there?
Well, we're faring pretty well.
From everything you're seeing and reading and hearing tonight, do you think that generally the authorities have prepared well enough for this?
From what I can see, I believe so.
How bad are things there?
We're going into day three plus for some of our people down in southeast Virginia.
Are you concerned still?
I mean, this is the first disaster I've gone through in New York City.
What does that do to the financial system?
I mean, it's pretty incredible, Piers.
What do you make of it?
Well, obviously we knew this was possible.
Ali, what can you tell me?
Yes, take a look at this.
What do you think that will do to the financial markets?
Well, it's very interesting, not only is this hurricane -- Super Storm Sandy stealing Halloween from some people, the end of the month is very important worldwide for traders, for fund managers, for hedge fund managers, because everyone is judged monthly on their performance.
And if so, what impact can this all have on the election?
Well, generally speaking, the measurement for the job numbers is taken in a week and it's earlier.
Have you ever seen anything like this in your lifetime?
No, I haven't.
How do you rally them, how are they reacting on the ground?
Well, listen, today people are devastated and so my job today is to let people know that I understand how they feel, I share their feelings, but that we've got to suck it up and move on.
Have you found it a very emotional day since you've seen what's been going on?
Sure.
What should they be doing when they watch this tomorrow, the next day and so on, for the rest of this week?
Well, listen, this is going to be a difficult week.
What does any parent say to a child when this kind of catastrophe happens on their doorstep?
Well, first off, you give them a hug and you say don't be scared, mom and dad will protect you.
What would you say -- what does a parent say, what should parents be telling their kids in New Jersey now?
I think they look at their children and, you know, children are obviously scared about this.
Have you worked out yet where you intend taking him?
Not quite yet.
But did anything really prepare you for this kind of thing?
No.
Have you had a chance to speak to Governor Romney?
Yes, I spoke to Governor Romney on -- I think that was either Saturday night or Sunday night, Piers.
Mr. Mayor, how are you?
I'm doing all right, obviously we're dealing with a lot of challenges statewide.
What did you think?
Well, look, you know, they hear it on the front lines of this crisis, where you see he emergency workers reaching out to residents, where I've seen cooperation between port authority police, my fire department.
And what are you hearing about people who may be trapped or areas where these services have simply not been able to get to them?
Well, that's the crisis.
They were saying 80 homes but I believe it's nearer 100, is that right?
Yes, it really is.
And we still don't know if the cause was a power line that had been downed or a transformer, is that right?
Yes.
Do you think that will stay the case, that everyone got out, there's no one's died here?
A lot of people were evacuated.
How are they all doing is the obvious question now, I guess?
Well, I think we -- by great team work and by really focusing on patients' safety, all of the children were transported safely and made it to the receiving hospitals without any incident, which is what we were intending to do.
Have you ever had anything like this?
I have to say this is the first time, but we have highly trained staff.
Are you confident now that everyone's going to be OK as a result of all the moving that went on last night?
Yes.
The obvious question, it seemed to me last night, remains so now, is how could a busy New York hospital have its backup generators fail when it's had a week at least to prepare for what everyone was saying was going to be a storm of huge magnitude?
First, before I answer that, let me just say how proud I am to work for NYU Langone Medical Center, where we have physicians like Dr. Rudy and staff and nurses and volunteers and the New York City Fire Department and Police Department, who did an extraordinary effort in incredibly difficult circumstances, evacuating all our patients in 12 hours safely.
I mean, is there some big investigation going on now?
Well, I really didn't come on to talk about the generators.
but they weren't working, were they?
They failed.
If they failed, they're not working, are they?
They started working.
The question I would want to know from the hospital, if I was involved in any way, is how do you have any confidence this won't happen again?
UBIN: Well, again, I'm not an engineer and I'm not really here to talk about the generators.
Christine, how are you?
I'm OK.
How are you guys doing?
We spoke last night in the middle of all this mayhem.
What do you think of this?
I think there are obviously enormous questions that NYU needs to answer.
Is that your understanding?
My understanding was that's on a list of questions to be answered, too, right, as we get into the next couple of days.
Have you heard that?
I just got that notification as well, that JFK and -- excuse me, JFK and Newark will partially open tomorrow and that Laguardia is still flooded.
So how and why do you think this happened?
Absolutely.
You bought a house six months ago which has been lost to the flooding, is that right?
Absolutely.
How does it work in reality?
Well, we're going to try to figure this out in the next couple days.
That has to be good for him, doesn't it?
Well, we have to see how the cleanup goes, and if Obama makes a mistake later on.
What happens to pollster experts like you?
Well, this is why we give probabilities.
Are you seeing anything in any polls in the last 24 hours -- have there been any, in fact, which suggest that the hurricane as a disaster has had any impact yet?
ILVER: It's too early to say, because a number of the more reputable pollsters suspended their polling because of the hurricane.
Is it easy to predict over the next, say, 36 hours?
It's kind of wobbling and spinning down right now.
What can you tell me about the subway, about power and about when New York will be back on its feet?
Well, you know, that's a question that a lot of people are asking.
How are these generators, both at NYU and Bellevue, the backup generators, why are they failing?
Well, let me put it to you like this.
How are things where you are?
Well, the devastation in the southern parts of our state, you know, demand our attention, our compassion and our prayer.
And maybe fully reopened within the next day or so, do you think?
You know, we -- yes, first of all, we are happy that it is open and there will be more and more activity.
Where were you?
I was in my apartment on the west side of Manhattan here.
What is wrong with that?
I was looking at that.
What did he do here?
Well, did I say they want to kill Ali Velshi but they -- yes, Ali -- when I saw that --
If it saves one life, isn't it worth it?
Well, yes, but there's a lot of things you could do on CNN to save many lives.
Now why is that?
It's just because there's so much going on.
Did you buy it or is there a more cynical, political reasoning behind what is going on?
Well, I'm -- firstly, I'm not a cynic.
Like this (INAUDIBLE), whichever way you dress this up, divorcing it from the storm, this cannot help Mitt Romney can it?
No.
But you could say by next Tuesday, if there are million so people still without power, feeling angry, you could get a protest vote, couldn't you?
First of all, I don't think it's about Mitt Romney not being able to get on television.
How could this happen?
Well, first of all, let's be clear.
That is part of your job, isn't it?
It is very easy to make that judgement from a ring side seat.
Michael, what do you think of this?
You make valid points.
Could it be that?
I will answer the way that Mayor Bloomberg answered this afternoon.
From a meteorological point of view, is there any other explanation?
It is the prime suspect.
Do you believe the science is now incontrovertible?
Absolutely, absolutely.
And when you hear mainly Republicans, it must be said, say the science is just a load of bunk, what do you say to them?
These are the same people that say that Adam and Eve road on dinosaurs 6,000 years ago.
Is that what you are hearing?
Well, Piers, the news is much more encouraging today than when I talked to you last night because what we have found is this, the National Guard has arrived, 45 members of the National Guard with 18 vehicles.
But when these things happen, it really is inspiring to see how people react, isn't it?
Yes.
Was that his name?
Yeah.
Were they prepared enough for this?
Well, they weren't prepared, but only in the sense that they haven't accepted that we are going to have more and more of this because of the climate change.
Do you endorse what he said?
Well, I think it was a sentiment of frustration this morning because we hadn't had -- seen a real response here in Staten Island, but you know, we had our senators out here today, and I can say that the Red Cross is on the grounds right now.
Do people there feel comfortable that this is going ahead?
ALLIOTAKIS: Absolutely not.
First of all, how is he doing?
He's doing good.
Compared to the events and the aftermath of 9/11, how do you view what is happening in Staten Island?
Right now, we all need help.
So you did not see a woman with two children?
No, absolutely not.
And what did he do?
He took a concrete flower pot.
Well, let me ask you, the man -- if a man threw a flower pot, did you let the man in your house?
He didn't ask to come in.
I couldn't -- what could I do to help him?
All right, so...
Did you believe him, I suppose, is the obvious question?
Well, I think it's really important, Piers, is whether I believed him or not, he did acknowledge that there was a man who came by, and the man threw something at his back door and he wasn't willing to help the man.
What is the reaction of the community there to what's happened there?
Well, our initial reaction was from the police who were on the scene.
And are you satisfied they're doing all they can to get people back to full power?
You know, I'm going to spend time in the postmortem looking at pre-storm preparedness.
How are you tonight?
I've got half my staff, never mind anybody else in New York, all homeless, wondering when the hell they're getting their power back.
What do you say to people who are now heading towards day four with no power and not able to be in their homes or to use water or anything?
Yes, no, it's an extraordinary ordeal that everyone is going through, and we're working very hard to get the power back on as quick as we can.
Can you give a guarantee that everybody will be back on a week by Saturday, for instance?
Well, we're saying that we're going to get almost everybody, virtually everyone back by next weekend.
What happened?
Well, shortly after 7:30 or 8:00, the power went out.
You stayed there, I believe, until about 3:00 a.m. and then in rushed firemen and other emergency services saying, grab your baby and get out now?
We need to go now, yeah.
There was a hurricane raging outside?
Yeah.
You were carried down nine floors?
Yes.
Is that right?
Yes.
But it was scary because you were taken to the wrong hospital first, right?
Yeah.
And he is fine?
He is fine, yes.
What do you feel about the fact that these back-up generators failed?
I'm quite upset, actually.
Why?
Well, first of all, you know, the planet is warmer than it was and people have something to do with it.
You are a firm believer in climate change being responsible for this?
That's right.
On that one point, what do you say?
That we have a very limited data series on hurricanes.
Is that right?
I am.
Were you satisfied with his explanation?
As consumer, I want that power back immediately.
So New Yorkers are impatient but do you think they are right to be angry now?
I think that Con-Ed for right now is -- I think they are scrambling.
Charles, we'll start with you?
I don't think so.
And how does it all end?
Well, it all ended with us not getting any gas.
How are you seeing it down there on the ground?
Well, there's a lot of emotion, there's just thousands of volunteers out here.
And as a former commander yourself, how do you think the president's done this week in terms of his role as commander-in-chief in what was really a national crisis?
I think he's done extremely well in terms of his sympathy and empathy for the groups, his visit.
What did you make of that?
I thought it was a fair appraisal.
Were you pleased that the marathon was canceled?
Yes.
When you said that some American lives may have been lost because of incompetence, do you lay the blame squarely at the president's door?
Last time I checked, Piers, he's the commander-in- chief.
ORGAN: Do you believe, as some Republicans do, that the White House or certainly people close to the White House were aware of what was happening on that fateful night and decided not to do anything?
They either were aware of it and decided not to do anything or they were asleep at the switch.
Did you change your opinion when you saw that overnight and this morning, or were you still of the view, you know what, we should get on with it?
Well, I was in Staten Island this morning, actually.
Do you think the president has been an outstanding leader?
I don't know what the heck he was doing in Nevada while people were still being discovered dead in New York.
What do you make of that?
Oh, I don't go that far at all.
Should he now come to New York, the president?
President hasn't been to New York.
Can Mitt Romney become president realistically if he doesn't win Ohio?
Either one can win without Ohio.
General?
Thanks, Piers.
The moment that happened on Monday night, did you think and assume that the race would get canceled?
I had to assume.
When you heard that it was going ahead, what did you feel?
I was actually a little bit shocked.
Why?
Well, I think it's probably the right decision, but it seems to be the wrong timing.
Michael, what do you think?
I have no horse in this race.
Would Churchill have canceled the marathon?
ORGAN: I think if the people of London, if we had had one of these --
Why has it been so belated, the help that you so desperately need?
RIMM: You know, I don't know exactly.
What is your reaction to Mayor Bloomberg canceling the marathon?
Well, I think that the mayor did the right thing.
And what reassurance can you give the people there now that they're getting your full attention?
Well, first, let me say that my heart goes out to the people on Staten Island and the people up and down the Eastern Seaboard.
If people are watching and wish to contribute to the Red Cross for this, what's the best way of doing that?
They can visit our website, RedCross.org, or they can call 1-800-RED-CROSS.
What did you make of that?
Certainly Rudy Giuliani is a guy to be able to talk about this honestly.
I've got to stand right there with the people suffering?
No.
Michael Wolff, who is going to win this election?
Barack Obama.
Were you surprised by the sheer scale of the enthusiasm that Christie showed?
Totally.
What is the real mood, do you think?
Certainly in this area, Piers, there is a mood of frustration.
Do they care enough about this election to try to get to a polling booth, even if they could?
You know, I have been talking to a lot of people out here, and they are of two minds.
Do the people there feel strongly that the president should have come to where you are?
Well, I -- those that I talk to know that the president came out to the area, those supportive of him and even those who aren't -- who aren't.
How are things in Newark right now?
Things are tough.
What did you make of that?
That seems so blatantly partisan, and during this time we in the tristate area are really suffering, we just don't need this kind of language.
What do you think in the end will be the determining factor?
Look, I think that people are starting to see the truth of what the president has done.
I just want to turn around and say, are you guys going to vote in this election?
Yes!
Where do you think you really are?
We are fired up.
If you can't beat an incumbent president when unemployment is just nearly at 8 percent still and the debt's risen by $5 trillion, to $16 interest, it's pretty much a disaster for the Republican Party, isn't it?
Well, that's why I think the country's going to make a change.
What do you make of what he said, and do you believe that the administration has a case to answer?
Oh, absolutely.
What would it mean to you personally to get the first ever Mormon president of the United States?
You know, I guess personally, that would mean a lot to me, but you know what, I'm pretty proud of this country.
So -- I don't have to stay here very long, though, do I?
No, you don't.
Can we talk politics?
"The Good Wife."
People either loved it or they hated it, you know that?
Mostly loved it, yes.
Were you pleased with the reaction?
Absolutely.
Why is it so close?
It's a combination of things.
I mean, I have asked a lot of people this, whether America's become more -- actually been more racist since Barack Obama become president than less, and I think most people believe that it has actually become slightly more racist, it has brought out more racism?
Not amongst young people.
Why has Obama been so curiously lackluster in this campaign?
I don't think he has been.
How do you persuade those people who just think, you know what, he has done OK, but he wasn't the messiah after all?
OK, so he wasn't.
Back now, Michael Moore, what did you make of that?
First of all, I just want to say that we just got word that football ran late tonight, so "The Good Wife" is not starting until 9:35.
Cheap shot, or did it have a little point to it?
There's no point to it.
The point is they are building Jeeps in China for the Chinese is the point?
Correct.
If they were building any cars in China for the American market, would you feel differently?
Yes.
Do you think it could go the wrong way?
Oh, absolutely.
How are you?
I'm good.
How do you see the map of Tuesday night really evolving based on where things are right now?
Well, look, I know from our campaign's perspective, we feel pretty good about where things are.
Why has he been so apparently comparatively lackluster until really the last few days?
Piers, I don't know that I would agree with the fact that, you know, for four years minus two days he has been lackluster but he has been fired up and ready to go the last two days.
Do you accept that?
Well, look, I look at the last 32 months of jobs reports, and it's been positive private sector job growth, 5.4 million jobs have been created.
Would you go along with any of those four things?
Well, look, I'm going to tell you why I think Barack Obama and this campaign are going to win, because I think we have a better message.
Grover, how are you?
Good to be with you.
You feeling confident you're going to win?
I think Romney's going to win.
How are they going to make it better if they are happy with the lousy job record that they have had?
Someone who looks pretty happy at the moment is Mitt Romney.
If Mitt Romney can't beat a president who in four years has seen the debt rise by $5 trillion, to $16 trillion, has seen unemployment remain pretty much at 8 percent, that is a catastrophe for the Republicans, isn't it?
The interesting thing that's going on, and I think it would be bad for the country, but the modern Republican Party, we have 29 Republican governors.
Can we assume, Marjorie, do you think, that if Romney was to lose, all the blame will be laid squarely on Hurricane Sandy with a dash of Chris Christie?
Absolutely.
Candy, how are you?
I'm very good.
How are you, Piers?
You must feel like you've been --
Do you sense you're amongst people who believe they can win?
Yes.
Clearly there's not that kind of huge euphoria we saw four years ago but that doesn't necessarily mean his vote won't come out and re-elect him, but are they confident or are they nervous?
Hi, Piers.
David, how are you?
Great, Piers.
Do you see that as perhaps the pivotal state?
Well, it's interesting, Piers.
He seems to have finally revved up but if it's too late, he's going to kick himself, isn't he?
Well, Piers, I have been out with him for months in this campaign and I think he's bringing that fire and passion every day.
What is your reaction to that?
Well, Rudy Giuliani, you know, might be the only person in America who believes that.
How are you?
Fine, Piers.
When you look at the polls today, for example, there are so many of them but are there any that you've seen where you feel, OK, we've got a real chance of winning this?
I think we have a real chance of winning this.
What do you say to that?
The truth hurts.
If Mitt Romney wins the election, what do you think in the end will have been the key determining factor?
I think the first debate obviously.
Do you feel slightly fortunate you're not the guy that has to try and beat him tomorrow?
Oh, no.
When you see how things have all washed up now on the eve of the election, with your political historian hat on, where do you think we could be in for some shocks tomorrow specifically?
Well, I think we have two parallel universes that are -- that are very, very different.
If Mitt Romney loses, and obviously it's very, very close, but if he does lose, I appreciate it's a hypothetical, where do you wish he had gone harder that may have guaranteed victory?
I can't comment until we see the returns tomorrow night, just because you're asking me a question that we have to see how close it is, what the circumstances are.
What do you say to that?
Well, first of all, Piers, you asked me about -- here's an alternative universe.
I mean, you did this clearly to remind everybody as they're about to vote what a hero Barack Obama is, right?
I didn't have to do anything to remind anybody about the decision that Barack Obama made to pull the trigger on Osama bin Laden.
I know you're an Obama supporter, but are you still a bit nervous that the vote may not come out tomorrow?
You know, I voted for George Pataki and I voted for Rudy Giuliani and I voted for Michael Bloomberg.
Rather than having all the heartthrobs around you?
Piers, next year, you know, Mitt Romney will be unemployed, from what I'm looking at.
Governor, how are you?
Good to be with you.
And which one could be the turning point?
Well, all across the Midwest, it's incredibly important.
Is that really what you guys are relying on, his vote not turning out in that kind of degree?
Well, it's definitely about turnout.
What's that?
I said it's good to talk to you.
Do you think it could all come down to Ohio tomorrow night?
It could.
How significant do you think it's been, Hurricane Sandy and the way that played out for both sides?
Well, as far as Ohio is concerned, I think the president has had and has maintained, as I said, a consistent lead for a variety of reasons.
What is his great plan to get this country going?
Well, these are different times, obviously.
What went wrong in the last couple weeks?
Mitt Romney has bridged the gender gap.
Are you looking forward to a Romney administration?
I don't think any woman is looking forward to a Romney administration.
If I was a woman, I'd be like, well, what do you believe?
He couldn't be more clear.
I mean, Cecile, am I wrong about this, or does it just cause a lot of offense to women?
Absolutely, it's offensive.
Yes, I mean, Alice Stewart, final word to you, why would he want to get rid of Planned Parenthood?
Well, first of all, let me make an important point.
Would you like to see Governor Romney overturning Roe v. Wade, or trying to if he became president?
He's made it quite clear where he stands.
It's all going to plan?
You know, when the vote started getting counted we knew pretty quickly we have -- you know, we have a fairly sophisticated model.
Were you pleased about the level of the turnout?
Absolutely.
If you were putting your strategist's hat on and looking at their campaign, where do you think they really, in the end, lost it?
But I think the problem for the Republican Party is that the center of gravity has shifted so far to the right that they're way out of the mainstream.
But how much of the responsibility lies with him, with Speaker Boehner, do you think?
Well, I think that he certainly bears some -- people want cooperation on both sides.
Are you hoping you're going to get the kind of economic security if not prosperity in this term that will allow you to do perhaps the things Barack Obama, when you sailed in on hope and change, hoped he could do?
Well, Piers, I do believe the economy is improving, but I want to challenge a bit of your premise because one of the reasons the economy is improving is because this president was brave.
One is, I understand that the first person the president called after knowing that he won was Bill Clinton, is that right?
Exactly.
Does he feel a big debt of gratitude to him?
Well, there's no question about it.
Are you a relieved man this morning?
Well, I know this has the subject of a lot of discussion.
What was the mood like as victory became a reality?
Well, it was a very exciting night.
And how is your father about it?
He was -- he was, you know, over the moon.
What is the strategy here?
Well, you know, I'm going to leave the strategy, obviously, to David Axelrod and to the president and his staff, and his chief of staff, Jack Lew, and my father.
What's your father's plan now?
His plan is to get to work.
He must be feeling pretty proud, isn't he?
Well, I think he is.
The former CEO of G.E. joins me now to talk about the election, the fallout and -- well, what happened to your mate, Mitt Romney?
Well, he didn't get it done.
Why?
You know, I -- he didn't get the minorities, he didn't get the young women.
But, I mean, look, the Republicans have got to be less intransigent, too, haven't they?
No.
Would he had been bolder and braver, perhaps most successful had he gone for Marco Rubio or Condoleezza Rice, somebody a bit different from Paul Ryan who looked like a younger version of Mitt Romney?
You know, that's the second guessing, and I don't know.
But who's the kinder of person?
Well, Marco Rubio is a very appealing guy.
Christie?
-- changing demographics.
Tell me what it's like where you are, but also what is your view of the repeated storms we're seeing at the moment?
It is Mother Nature's one-two punch.
When you woke up this morning, what were the things that went through your mind?
A lot of it was just relief.
What do you want to see him really going harder at?
Look, at the end of the day, we know what our problems are.
What do you put the blame down to for the loss of support amongst women?
Well, the margin was pretty typically for a successfully elected incumbent.
Was it number four?
Hang on.
Cecile?
Look, I think it was so clear last night.
Where is that in the exit polls?
Let's agree on one thing.
Can I see that quote please?
I was actually on with you, Kelly Anne, on a panel where you said women didn't care about women's health issues.
Is he capable of delivering the old American dream now in a second term?
No.
Should he have gone for a braver pick, a Marco Rubio, a Condoleezza Rice?
I don't know that Paul Ryan hurt him that much, because I think, at the end of the day, people don't vote for the vice president.
Have you ever seen one quite that candid and raw?
No.
What do you want Barack Obama now to really achieve that will be his legacy?
Well, first of all, I think that we all think of and we talk about the president's coolness, and with due respect to Dan, whom I enormously admire, let's not confuse composure with coolness.
Well, they failed and there is a certain liberation that comes with being re-elected, isn't there, an empowerment that says OK, well, stuff you, I'm back for four years and I'm going to make things happen now?
Well, there is that, but we need to keep in mind that second terms for presidents generally speaking historically have not turned out that well.
Tim Pawlenty, how are you?
I'm doing well, Piers.
Why was that belief so built on sand, do you think?
Well, of course, election results are a little like post-modern art.
How long can the Republicans, led by the Grover Norquist gang, sustain a position of there is zero movement or flexibility for any increased taxation when most Americans think it's perfectly reasonable given there's a $16 trillion debt that the wealthiest should pay more tax?
Well, let's give some examples, Piers, of where the two sides could come together.
What is the difference?
I think it's fair to say, Piers, that the Republicans aren't going to raise tax rates but they are willing to look at raising some revenues along the lines that I've described and if you get to the same result, I think that's a good step forward in the interest of trying to find a bipartisan solution.
What's the matter with you, man?
I didn't say I wasn't impressed by them.
Did you think Mitt Romney could ever do that?
I definitely think Mitt Romney could do that.
Do you understand why so many women did?
You know, I think this is an election about the economy.
Then he had to slowly back pedal again, by which time really, in terms of principle, he's toast, isn't he?
Well, I think that we may be missing something.
So Brian, why is this a good thing then, to legalize cannabis?
Sure.
Kevin Sabet, why is it a terrible idea?
Well, I think legalization is really an extreme answer.
If you overdo alcohol, if you're a young person, for example?
I think they're very different.
They would suffer similar issues, wouldn't they?
Some similar --
Isn't that the argument?
That's absolutely true.
Isn't it a waste of law enforcement finances and resources?
Well, first of all, I'm not saying to jail marijuana users.
What were the feelings?
It was certainly a little stressful.
What did you mean by that?
I mean it's time to move on.
Do you think now is the time, now that he has got another four-year term, to really do something really meaningful?
Well, he certainly has a lot on his plate, you know, with the economy and the situation we have, the approaching fiscal cliff.
Is there any credence talking about this stage, do you think?
Well, you know, right now, I don't think that there is.
Bob, from everything you just heard there from Ronald Kessler, does this make sense to you that this could be the sequence of events?
Oh, I think absolutely.
To me, one of the key questions here is when did the White House get ahold of this investigation, and did they make a conscious decision for this not to be released to the media until after the election?
Yes, that exactly what happened.
It doesn't ring true, does it?
Well, a lot of things don't ring true, and that's why, you know, we're going to need some time, although we'd love to have all the answers right now because that's how we are.
I mean, it's hard to construct a massive security breach, isn't it?
It's virtually not.
Yes?
It's Suzanne, I'm sorry.
Bob, if you don't agree, why?
No, no, no.
Are you shocked, as everybody else, by these revelations today?
REMER: Yes, of course, I am.
What do you think would have caused him to behave like this given he's always stood for the complete opposite?
Well, I don't think you can ever know in an affair like this how it came about.
And if it turns out that the FBI investigation was kept quiet by the White House until after the election, what would be the political ramifications of that?
Well, that would be serious, but I would be surprised if that were the case.
How do we get the CIA back on track?
It could be quite serious, I agree.
Could it be that he's fallen on his sword over an affair to protect a wider scandal?
Well, I doubt that.
How are you?
I'm doing great.
How are you?
I'm doing fine.
What do you feel about what's happened?
Well, it's very disturbing to be in a position like the director of the Central Intelligence Agency.
What would you say to that in his particular case?
Well, I mean, this is a man who has an incredible amount of knowledge and secrets and information that we don't want others to find out about.
Is there the will amongst senior Republicans to do business, do you think?
There has to be some sort of agreement worked out.
Do you plead guilty?
No, I don't.
Do you intend on running again?
I don't intend to do anything right now other than spend a little time working to make sure that we don't walk away from the very principles that made our country great, and that there is at least one party that's going to stand by those founding principles.
Isn't it the sensible thing now for you to withdraw this utterly implacable position, no tax increases for the history of America ever again?
Well, I think the president needs to face the fact that the American people went to the polls and elected a House of Representatives committed to not raising taxes.
And shouldn't the wealthy just bump a few more dollars in?
Well, of course, as you know, if you take the Buffett rule tax that the president has endorsed, raising taxes on people making a million dollars, that raises 48 billion dollars over a decade, which is less than half of one percent of the president's deficit spending.
Do you see enough positivity in the rhetoric that a deal can get done here?
I think a deal does have to get done eventually, Piers.
Or do they think that it is appropriate to have the rich bear the lion's share of deficit reduction and the responsibility for reducing deficits by means of generating more revenues?
One of the problems, of course, if you do raise taxes, is a lot of Americans who would then be brought into that bracket are small business owners.
Final word?
Your party lost.
ORGAN: Did you think one day you'd be world famous for cross- dressing?
No.
It's all going to plan?
You know, when the votes started getting counted we knew pretty quickly we have -- you know, we have a fairly sophisticated model.
Were you pleased about the level of the turnout?
Absolutely.
If you were putting your strategist's hat on and looking at their campaign, where do you think they really, in the end, lost it?
Look, I think the problem for the Republican Party is that the center of gravity has shifted so far to the right that they're way out of the mainstream.
But how much of the responsibility lies with him, with Speaker Boehner, do you think?
Well, I think that he certainly bears some -- people want cooperation on both sides.
Are you hoping you're going to get the kind of economic security if not prosperity in this term that will allow you to do perhaps the things Barack Obama, when he sailed in on hope and change, hoped he could do?
Well, Piers, I do believe the economy is improving, but I want to challenge a bit of your premise because one of the reasons the economy is improving is because this president was brave.
One is, I understand that the first person the president called after knowing that he won was Bill Clinton, is that right?
Exactly.
Does he feel a big debt of gratitude to him?
Well, there's no question about it.
Are you a relieved man this morning?
Well, I know this has been the subject of a lot of discussion.
He's been abused?
Abused his entire life.
How did you find this out?
I found it out by asking questions, finally, of him, because I was talking to him --
So he told you?
He told me a lot about it.
Is he still alive, your father?
Yes, he's still alive.
And what kind of relationship do you have with him?
We don't speak very much, but I am taking care of him.
You support him?
Absolutely, 100 percent.
Do you think despite the way that he manhandled you and beat you and so on, did you feel that he loved you?
No, I never felt that.
Really?
So that was another thing I didn't know, which caused a lot of issues, as well.
Did you have that out with him?
I did, about four years ago I asked, why.
Is that guilt, do you think?
Every award -- and listen, that's exactly what I thought very early on.
Has he ever said sorry?
No, he hasn't.
Would you like him to?
At this point, I don't know if it matters.
She -- it -- well, you mean of all the success?
Yes.
-- get her a red Jaguar?
I did.
What did she say to you?
Just -- she's speechless, just a thank you and the love.
Who you think you're talking to, old lady?
You don't know me.
Did you ever think when you were young and you started treading the boards that one day you'd be world famous for cross- dressing?
Yes, never --
There are lots of other Madeas from every -- I've met a Jewish Madea, I've met an Italian Madea, you know?
It's about strong women.
Any comment?
No.
You feel uncomfortable talking about money?
I just try -- it drives me insane.
-- show off about it?
No, who wants to show -- it's not a -- it's certainly not about showing off.
What is the best thing about money, though, for you?
Again, the best thing which is -- which changed my entire life was being able to support my mother.
Why do you -- why do you feel awkward talking about this kind of thing?
Well, because it's -- I just feel that to whom much is given, much is required.
How have you avoided the pitfalls that go with superstar fame, big money and all the rest of it?
My faith.
It doesn't mean that order?
In that order.
Do you enjoy playing the action hero?
I actually did.
You've lost 30 pounds?
Yes.
How did you do it?
Mostly I worked with a trainer, a guy Anthony Golston.
But is it basically about you just don't eat as much?
Yes, you don't -- you don't eat as much and you move a lot more, and the thing that I was working out and running five miles -- this Krav Maga, Israeli fighting, and I'm tell you, I'm dropping names here, but this guy Eric down in Atlanta who worked with me was amazing at -- I did it for five minutes and couldn't get off the floor.
Why?
Because there are --
Really?
Once, yes.
And what went wrong?
I think we were both very young.
It was, in the end, your decision to walk away?
Yes.
Do you regret that?
No, I don't.
You thought it was the right thing?
Yes, because we both were in a place where -- and I just realized I should not have said this because -- I should not have said this.
Why shouldn't you have said it?
Because I said too much.
Why don't you ask another question?
This is a fascinating side to you, because you're being so nice about it and so honest.
And what's the rush?
Yes.
But don't you want little Tylers running around?
Yes.
Shall we move on?
Yes, please.
Do you want to have a glass of water?
No, I felt good.
What were you thinking?
No, no, no, no.
Did you have any idea who she was?
To be honest with you, I did not.
You've never heard of her?
I have heard of her, but I didn't know all of that she had done.
How do you know that?
I know everything, Tyler.
Because you supplied the plane, didn't you?
I did.
Do you believe that the candidates whoever wins the presidency should be doing more to bring in tougher gun control?
Absolutely.
I mean who's going to take on the gun lobby here?
Yes.
Why not?
ERRY: No, no, no.
First black bond?
No, no.
Why should it be him?
Because if you lose weight at the rate you're going, you'll be skinnier than Will Smith.
What would you choose?
There's one moment I'll -- and I will probably regret it for my entire life my mother was -- on a death bed.
Suzanne Kelly, where do we even start with this?
I don't know.
Barbara Starr, can you clear up what we should make of this?
I think I'm going to vote with Suzanne.
You might think it's Hollywood but it's -- you know, it's really -- the circles of power in Washington, what on earth has been going on?
And what is extraordinary about this.
How credible is that?
Yes -- this is a -- this is a very fundamental problem.
Would you have felt an obligation to inform the president or somebody senior in the White House if you got wind of this kind of scandal enveloping the boss of the CIA?
Well, easy to say what I would have felt.
Why would the FBI be involved in this anyway?
The FBI is supposed to investigate predicated federal crimes.
Because he was kind of a bipartisan figure, Petraeus, lauded equally by Republicans and Democrats although you could argue that he was appointed to the CIA director's job by the president and therefore the president stood most to lose, would you think?
Well, I don't think he stood to lose directly from this man's personal problem and personal tragedy, I might add.
On everything we know right now, do you think Petraeus was right to resign?
Yes.
Why?
Because he doesn't -- I mean, this has been analogized to other powerful men who have had mistresses from, you know, Lucy Mercer, FDR, to on and on and on.
How has that led to a full-fledged investigation that brings down the CIA director?
You couldn't have made this story up.
I mean it seems that the crucial twist in the tale which has emerged tonight is that this original FBI agent who was already friendly with Miss Kelley, he then gets taken off the case for inappropriate behavior, for supposedly sending shirtless pictures of himself to her, to the woman who has come to him to investigate, and because of that, he then feels disaffected and goes to a congressman, at which point the whole balloon goes up, right?
OK.
And where do shirtless pictures come into -- into the scene?
You know --
So from all you know, do you believe fundamentally they should have gone to the White House earlier?
I think this is actually an open question even at the FBI, which is if we had life to live over, would we have done it differently.
Do you recognize the man that you've been reading about for the last 24 hours?
Well, in many ways, I do, because with this one exception of this incident that he had with Paula Broadwell, I think the fact that this was a guy that stood up when the facts became known, did the honorable thing and resigned.
Should a general in his position, who has moved on to run the CIA, have to resign his post over an affair, which is really what this seems to have been about?
My opinion, yes.
Do you think he should have resigned?
I think there's many other reasons Petraeus should have resigned besides who he's sleeping with that's not his wife.
Petraeus now has all his allies coming out to defend him, where Paula Broadwell is there yet again -- where are her protectors?
Barbara is not a spokesperson for him, obviously.
Yes, why not?
I think there are good points on both sides.
Why were you not a fan of General Petraeus?
Well, the American media has come up with this narrative that he's the American hero who betrayed by the woman.
Were you surprised when Petraeus got the CIA job?
I was worried about it because he's created again -- the military crossing into the CIA is very dangerous.
-- for him to resign?
In England, it is.
That is quite dangerous, isn't it?
Very dangerous.
On balance, are you pleased though that he won the election?
I'm pleased he won the election.
Why did you want to make this series?
Boy.
Because it's not as simple as simply 30,000 e-mails, right?
Well, that's the real question.
She's not entitled to any diplomatic immunity like this, right?
No, she's not.
What were they really doing?
And, Suzanne, we've just heard -- hearing tonight that the president will be giving a press conference tomorrow at 1:30 Eastern Time, which will be the first time he'd be, I guess, addressing this pretty contentious issue.
Can we expect any fireworks from that?
I think you can expect fallout any time the president says anything, anything in Washington lately.
When did you last speak to David Petraeus?
I spoke with him last night and we exchanged some correspondence this morning.
How would you describe his state of mind?
Well, I think his state of mind is fine.
Was there anything that goes into the territory of a potential security risk or anything of that nature?
OYLAN: No.
Has he had any conversation or contact with Paula Broadwell in the last few days?
Last few days, I'm not aware of any.
How would you describe David Petraeus' relationship with her?
Well, I think very simply as close personal friends of not only David Petraeus but of his wife, Holly, as well.
Is he prepared to testify if he's called?
Well, that will be a discussion between him, Congress and the CIA, I would imagine.
I mean, from your discussions with him, does he believe that he personally did anything wrong in relation to what happened in Benghazi?
We haven't gone into any of those types of discussions.
And where do you see this going?
Well, it's surprising that you have two four-star generals basically being removed from the scene this close together, and they both came from the same command.
Should we still be forcing out top leaders like David Petraeus for sexual shenanigans?
We can just decide not to.
Rick Francona, would you go along with that?
Well, and -- well, and -- well, you know, our European counterparts laugh at us when they see that we do this to ourselves.
What do you think, Rick?
I think we should be talking about a lot of other issues.
What exactly do you think he meant by that?
The Democrats' base I think has largely been in some of the big population centers in the cities.
He can raise taxes if he wants to, can't he?
There's probably a fair argument is what really drove the president's victory.
Will you be chucking him over a cliff tomorrow?
Not at all.
How are you?
Thanks, Piers.
Do you think it's healthy for a biographer to be that close to their subject?
No.
But what would have happened, for example -- with one of your subjects, JFK -- what would have happened to JFK if e-mail and text messaging had existed?
Yes.
Does it matter if they have affairs?
I think that's such a great question.
ELLEY: How about Churchill?
I don't think Churchill ever had affairs.
Why CNN?
Well, you guys called at a good time.
It's part food, which is obviously your most famous area of expertise, but also cultural travelogue, is that where you're going with this?
I think what we've found over the years shooting all over the world is that by virtue -- just by virtue of showing up with food just to see how people live and eat and drink as your only ostensible criteria, people show themselves to you, reveal themselves to you in ways that they often wouldn't to a hard news reporter, for instance.
In your world of chefs crazier and madder the better, I mean, infidelities is almost de rigueur, isn't it, along with wild drinking and everything else?
I think we -- he's a military man.
Are you comfortable about -- you have done this before, but you seem to thrive on being around danger?
I don't se myself as a daredevil.
The love of food that you have, all things culinary, where did that come from?
My family was food centric.
Have people woken up to that?
I think it's -- since I wrote that in "Kitchen Confidential," things have gotten a lot better.
Which is the one you could easily or most easily stomach again?
The cobra heart.
What is the single most disgusting thing you have ever had to eat?
Actually, it's the fermented shark in Iceland, their beloved national holiday dish.
Who would cook it for you?
First of all, if I'm facing imminent death, I think I would want to eat alone.
Who is the greatest chef in the world, in your professional career?
The greatest is a phrase I -- I don't know how to apply it.
He seems to be through friends, colleagues, whoever it may be clearing himself really in doing anything wrong, is that right?
Yes, we have a couple of sources now who have come out and given a little bit more information about him and the nature of that relationship between him and a you said, it seems like it's more of a friendship with the families than anything else.
But what we're hearing again from sources is that she, too, in relation to confidential material found in her computer, she may be in the clear as well?
Yes, Fran Townsend, our national security contributor, had reported this a little bit earlier this evening.
How convinced are you that you're right in your suspicions that there is genuine foul play here?
Well, I would say this.
Do you accept that part of the defense?
Piers, I think it begs the question.
Are we talking about a major cover-up by the White House designed to protect the narrative of we are defeating al Qaeda or was it simply just, you know, pretty poor performance by all the people out the line in dealing with this attack?
Well, it's why we need to get to the bottom of all of these questions that I identified earlier and there are more questions, because it's either one of two things.
You know, this is a serious time for world affairs and that is why the focus really needs to be right back on to this pretty quickly, doesn't it?
Well, I think that's right and I can assure you that while there may be some attention being played inside the beltway to this issue with General Petraeus and perhaps General Allen, Admiral Stavridis is well sighted on what's happening inside the European area and General Mattis is certainly focused on what's happening in the Middle East.
What do you think?
Well, I'm more concerned about what's going to happen in Egypt.
Under these circumstances could he have possibly ridden this out, do you think?
Well, he himself felt that he couldn't ride it out.
And isn't it time collectively as a society maybe we looked at this or do you think that the discipline it has to be the case?
Well, it's about ethical and moral leadership.
Tell me why I shouldn't be incredulous?
You should not be so excited over that issue.
Why wouldn't they have just gone straight to the White House the moment they knew the investigation was concluded?
I'm not sure I understand what conspiracy you want me thinking about.
Unless of course the classified documents that now appeared to be on a computer turned out to be highly sensitive and that would take it to a different realm, wouldn't it?
But of course it would.
Now that intelligence may have been flawed but she was still the go-to person for the White House, wasn't she?
Yes.
Should he have resigned?
I personally -- it's his personal decision, I don't question his decision.
Could you have ever imagined, when you were out there embedded with these troops, that that would happen?
No.
It is just a total distraction, isn't it?
It is.
What do you say to that?
Well, I don't think the idea -- the problem is that General Petraeus had an affair.
What do you think?
First of all, I was substituting for George Stephanopoulos that Sunday as host of "This Week."
Did she act in good faith, do you think?
I can't get inside her brain.
Why even set a deadline?
Well, because if you don't set a deadline in this town, nothing happens.
What do you make of it?
I think the biggest mistake that has been made is starting the investigation to begin with.
Do we know that was the way she was with Petraeus?
No, we just think that Jill Kelley is generally a bit like that with all the military guys.
If you were on the "Today Show," how would you play this?
I wouldn't be judging one way or the other if I was on "The Today Show."
Wouldn't your viewers instinctively have felt that?
I don't -- I think they would have been split.
What?
Except for me.
What do you mean?
OHEN: Well, I mean, I think this was an egregious over reaching of authority.
It does seem, when you put it like that, doesn't it, just innately trivial and damaging?
It is, absolutely.
It is a different game, isn't it?
And it's just tragic, too, because of who he is and what respect everybody has for him and what he has sacrificed for this country.
Really?
And does not let anybody near her.
Really?
Yeah.
You did?
Well, our kids did.
Why invest all of this emotional time in something that won't last?
Because they're part of your family.
Did Rocky Balboa not love you?
Rocky didn't last very long.
And anyone that does love animals, or even feels the way that you do and I do, a bit ambivalent about it, it's a classic family pet story, isn't it?
It is.
First time "The Today Show" has had a woman really at the top, right?
Yes.
Could you be lured back?
I'm doing stuff for "The Today Show."
What does that mean?
Whatever you want it to mean.
Why do you give me that look?
It must be quietly satisfying.
Which one was I?
He is the pretty one.
Is it hard to get that kind of chemistry, do you think?
I think chemistry is very difficult.
Do you watch any of them?
I watch them all.
Is that right?
That's pretty close to it, Piers.
What is your reaction to this?
Well, my reaction is that I think it's been very clear now for quite a long time that there was no demonstration and that of course was the key element in what Ambassador Rice was saying and what the president was saying, and all about this hateful video and the demonstrations that it triggered.
Do you dispute that she acted in good faith in reporting what she had been told by the CIA intelligence briefing?
Well, I know this that on the same day when she was at all of these different Sunday shows, sent out by the White House and with talking points from the White House, immediate -- the show that I was on, "Face the Nation," immediately after she gave her standard statement there, they -- Bob Schieffer had the president of the Libyan National Assembly on.
And I suppose the obvious question is, is it fair to impugn the integrity of the U.N. ambassador if she was genuinely acting in good faith on the CIA briefing?
Well, you covered a lot of territory there and I would like to point out I'm the guy that called for Rumsfeld to resign because the war in Iraq was going terribly.
Clearly if the CIA had been inaccurately briefing for quite some time after this, do you believe that he should be accountable for the misinformation process?
Everybody should be accountable, Piers.
What is your take on this and what do you think the American reaction should be, if anything?
Well, I think the whole area is unraveling.
Should Mitt Romney be a little above this now and just take defeat gracefully?
You know, I don't know.
Over the fact you hadn't gone to a briefing about Benghazi, isn't it?
Yes.
Why you weren't at that meeting yesterday?
CCAIN: Sure.
Fred, what's the latest there?
What we're seeing overhead is basically Israeli war planes flying towards the border with Gaza.
What is your sense of how this is playing out in the international stage?
It's very difficult to assess who's at fault for this.
What are you hearing and what is the plan?
Well, I won't get into military operations but it has to be very, very clear.
What is the constructive way through this?
I want to make something perfectly clear.
It's a dangerous cocktail, isn't it?
That's precisely it, Piers.
Is that at risk?
It's very much at risk.
It's an awful place for people to try and live, isn't it?
First, one has to say, Piers, as you did, the Israelis are justified in doing something when all these rockets are being fired at them.
What do you make of that?
I think it's very clear that the administration didn't handle things right from the start.
What was your reaction, honestly, to what Mitt Romney was saying there?
Well, my reaction really for all of the elections around the country is it's really time to sort of evaluate what went right and what went wrong.
If I was a black or Hispanic or female voter, I would be like, hang on a second, he's saying what, we've been bought?
Well, look, Piers, you said something that frustrates me.
In the spirit of cooperation, how do you feel about somebody like Senator McCain making it so personal towards Ambassador Rice about what happened in Benghazi?
Well, look, what's important about Benghazi is to really get to the heart of the matter, truly understand what went wrong.
What are you going to do next?
Thank you.
What was he to you?
Well, he was that.
What would it be?
Yeah, I mean if it was like choosing a favorite child, then I would have been the most profligate woman on the planet.
How do you think he would have liked to have been remembered?
As somebody who said, which he said in the front of the -- the beginning of his memoir, "Hitch 22," "live all you can.
Can we say that for certain or could it be that there were some protesters and there was also a planned attack because it was September the 11th?
Yes.
But where do you position him in terms of his legacy as a general?
One of the saddest aspects of this entire mess was that Petraeus was one of our best generals in recent years.
Was that your reading of it?
Yes, pretty much.
Where do you think General Petraeus ranks as a general, say, in the last hundred years?
I think he'll be remembered a lot like Matthew Ridgway, which is to say pretty much not at all except by the experts.
Did the Paula Broadwell book that came out about General Petraeus, did you like that as a historian?
I -- I had introduced Paula, actually, to my book editor.
What do you think of that?
What I think is that spies are probably like soldiers.
How is this going to resolve itself?
It's going to resolve itself when Hamas cease firing rockets at millions of innocent Israeli civilians.
Are you preparing for a ground invasion?
We are certainly keeping that option open.
Would you like to live on the Gaza Strip?
No, and I think the Gazans should make a decision about the type of government they want.
The international community has got to somehow offer the people in Gaza more hope, doesn't it?
Well, the crossings have been open.
What did you make of that?
Well, we preferred to look at Egyptian deeds rather than words.
Is your intention at the same time to continue targeting Hamas leaders and to continue, if you can, killing them?
Well, we're going to take any measures necessary to stop the aggression against the civilians.
What is the way to break through this?
The way to break through it would be for the Palestinians to accept that there is a state of Israel, which is permanent and legitimate, and to sit down with us at the negotiating table to negotiate all the outstanding issues -- whether it'd be borders, refugees, Jerusalem, security, recognition.
What is your reaction?
That's not only disingenuous, but it's very misleading and it has very little to do with the truth.
Does the PLO have any real control over Hamas?
No, we don't have control over Hamas.
If you're an Israeli listening to this, it's saying, well, it's all very well you talking in about how to resolve this, but if you have no control whatsoever over the activities of Hamas, why should they trust you?
No, because Hamas did acknowledge that should there be a negotiated settlement that's accepted by a referendum, by the Palestinian people, then they are quite willing to abide by it.
How do we get through the fact that both of them have pretty good arguments?
Well, I think the danger is that they both escalate as a result.
From a military point of view, is there anything that the Americans could be doing or pushing the Israelis to do to try and somehow come to a resolution that can work?
Well, first of all, I think we have to accept that we're not going to kill our way to a solution here, that, in fact, in many cases the use of military force is counterproductive.
Who can bring that to them?
Well, I agree with Alan that Israel certainly has a right to self-defense.
Was that your reading?
Actually, in some ways, it made things more confusing.
I mean, depending again who you talk to -- there you have a top general saying it's just gotten a lot muddier, and that actually -- is this the danger when you have the need to keep stuff classified because you're going after certain groups you think may have done this, but sending people out like Ambassador Rice to spin a yarn that it may have been a video protest?
In some ways, I think Mark is right that it has gotten muddier.
It's an absolute basket case there, isn't it?
And it is heartbreaking.
The Arab Spring fallout, what is your take on that?
Well, I think I would like to go back to Alan's point, which is exactly right.
How are you?
Hi, Piers.
Can we expect anything to improve?
Well, I don't know.
They wouldn't lie to us, would they?
I suppose the ones with the real problems are not the Democrats, because they've got back in.
What do the Republicans do to try and reinvent themselves and make themselves more relevant, do you think?
Well, I think they need to change their ideas rather than their people.
And what do you want him to do now that he has four more years?
The big thing he has going for him is that he has four years that he doesn't have to worry about getting re-elected.
Where do you think he's been weak and where does he need to be stronger?
Well, I think he's been weak -- my son was a huge Obama supporter until Obama ordered that American's death with the drone.
You never did that, did you?
I did a couple of the love scenes.
Could you have ever imagined, when you were out there embedded with these troops, that that would happen?
No.
It is just a total distraction, isn't it?
It is.
What do you say to that?
Well, I don't think the idea -- the problem is that General Petraeus had an affair.
What do you think?
First of all, I was substituting for George Stephanopoulos that Sunday as host of "This Week."
Did she act in good faith, do you think?
I can't get inside her brain.
That's a problem, isn't it?
Without question, as somebody who was covering the Benghazi story in the months leading up to the election, and also covering the election, it was so politicized with the White House and the administration in a defensive crouch, because they thought every word they said would be twisted and unfairly attacked.
How are you?
Thanks, Piers.
Do you think it's healthy for a biographer to be that close to their subject?
No.
But what would have happened, for example -- with one of your subjects, JFK -- what would have happened to JFK if e-mail and text messaging had existed?
ELLEY: Yes.
Does it matter if they have affairs?
I think that's such a great question.
Like whom?
Eliot Spitzer would come to mind.
How about Churchill?
I don't think Churchill ever had affairs.
Why were you not a fan of General Petraeus?
Well, the American media has come up with this narrative that he's the American hero who betrayed by the woman.
Were you surprised when Petraeus got the CIA job?
I was worried about it because he's created again -- the military crossing into the CIA is very dangerous.
-- for him to resign?
In England, it is.
That is quite dangerous, isn't it?
Very dangerous.
On balance, are you pleased though that he won the election?
I'm pleased he won the election.
Why did you want to make this series?
Boy.
You thought it was really good?
I think he is tremendous.
You never did that, did you?
I did a couple of the love scenes.
Of all the Bond girls, and there were so many, especially in the seven movies you made, if I could trap you on a desert island with one of them, and I know it is like choosing your favorite baby, but if I can put you on an island for the rest of your life with one Bond girl, who would it be?
I'd actually go with my wife.
Really?
I can say "I love you" in Swedish.
I mean, to walk around with people knowing you're Bond?
But you get sort of used to it after you have said, "my name is Bond, James Bond" 400 times.
Do people make you still say that?
Oh, yes, always.
Everywhere you go?
Every interview.
How many women do you think you have seduced because you played James Bond in the last 50 years?
Been married four times.
So you always just this nice, calm figure?
I try to be.
Have you been what British people would describe as a bit of a naughty boy over the years, would you say?
Depends what the definition of naughty is.
What would your definition be?
I suppose getting drunk, falling over and waking up in strange hotel rooms.
Do you have any regrets in your 85 years?
I regret I can't start them all again.
Are you surprised that the Bond franchise is still so successful?
You didn't hold that book up high enough.
Are you surprised that it still -- I mean, even more successful than it was 50 years ago?
No, not really.
You a fan of Barack Obama?
I'm not going to answer anything political.
Really?
Because I work with UNICEF and you're not allowed with the United Nations.
Do you feel that when you travel the world?
Yes, I think that he, like Reagan, makes an American proud to be an American.
If I could give you five minutes back of your entire life, and it can't involve marriage or children to relive, the greatest moment of your life, what would you choose?
I suppose being with my parents when I did something that was worthwhile.
Getting their love and respect?
Yes.
What would he have made of it?
He was very happy.
That's basically been the story of your life ever since, isn't it, Sir Roger?
Outnumbered.
You do believe, Mr. President, that a ground war may be inevitable?
Well, I hope that we achieve a cease-fire.
He's still saying that it could go either way but what is your sense on the ground about the likely prospects of a cease-fire and how long will the Israelis give it before committing to a possible ground offensive?
You know, the likelihood of a cease-fire seems to be increasingly elusive the longer this does drag on, and all through the night, we have been hearing the sound of airstrikes, some of them have actually shook the building that we're standing in.
But, Arwa, for those who have never been to the Gaza Strip, it's an extraordinary place in the sense that you've got over 1.5 million people crammed into a relatively small area, haven't you?
You most certainly do.
How do you see this resolving itself?
Well, there was also an attempt to introduce a cease- fire.
At what stage does it go over the edge and become an unacceptable form of retaliation?
Well, whoever criticized us should suggest an alternative.
To take the missile and say what?
I think the -- I think critics would say that this particular strategy has proven over the last few years to be an unsuccessful one.
If you believe, Mr. President, that Iran is behind a lot of the Hamas terror activity, as you put it, then what action do you intend to take against Iran?
Not I guess so, I know that is the case, and we are not going to make a war with Iran.
Do you believe, Mr. President, that a ground war may be inevitable?
Well, I hope that we shall achieve a cease-fire.
How would you categorize their relationship from your knowledge?
I believe that politics and statesmanship is not just a matter of personal relations.
Is he somebody that you trust and do you believe he should now be wielding, if he can, more authority to try and rein in Hamas?
Yes.
What are you prepared to concede to Hamas if it gets to negotiation?
We don't put any conditions at all.
Finally, Mr. President, if there are Palestinians watching this interview who feel helpless, who feel completely poverty-stricken, they have nothing, they see no hope and they now see endless Israeli rockets flying over their heads, perhaps killing relatives and loved ones, what do you say to them to offer proper constructive hope?
Two things.
When you heard Shimon Peres talking, one of the great statesmen of the Middle East, approaching his 90s now, what did you make of what he had to say?
Well, I think he's right in the fact that first, of course, Israel has the right to defend itself.
How real do you think that link is between Iran and Hamas?
It is real.
Why is the world dangling on this precipice, do you think?
Well, if you -- put your wonderful map up there, you don't have to, but there are all these powder kegs.
What is your view?
Well, again, that's crisis management.
What do you think?
Well, we don't -- there's no real crime, there's no identified corruption here.
Do you agree with that?
Well, the mood is better, but there's some real serious disagreements on taxes and entitlement reform.
Cease-fire, Alan Dershowitz, is it likely?
No.
What is the difference between Hamas murdering innocent women and children in Israel and Israeli missiles murdering innocent Palestinian women and children?
ERSHOWITZ: It's the essential difference between what constitutes a just war and what constitutes an unjust war.
Reza Aslan, your reaction?
I think that's a ridiculous and cynical way of talking about what's going on here.
Why should Israel have to put up with just endless rockets being fired into civilian areas?
It should not.
So what should it do?
It should not.
But as Shimon Peres said to me, what is the other option?
There --
What else do they do?
There is another option.
What are they saying?
I would have said six hours ago if you had asked me that I thought that a cease-fire was quite possible and that the principles were in place for a cease-fire.
Why not?
Let's talk about what is in Israel's benefit.
They may win a -- a few small skirmishes, battles even, but they're not going to win the war overtime, are they?
Well, let's keep in mind the real history here.
Does that justify the rockets?
No, but it is the real -- it is the reality of what's going on here.
Or is there real oxygen of power terror?
I've met them and know them well.
What's the deal?
By the way, let's not pretend that Israel and Hamas are not speaking to each other.
Did I do that?
Marijuana.
Did you wake up this morning and have a quick -- you know?
Well, I probably did.
Do you take a lot of it?
I think some people have more tolerance, you know, for smoking pot than others.
You and Snoop go to Amsterdam, the Mecca of dope, really, and you both have a load of it and then write some music together?
Now we can go to Colorado.
As we -- as we talk now in the middle of a nightmare, what do you make of where we really are with this?
Well, throughout most of the day, I thought they were very close to reaching a cease- fire agreement.
What did she mean by that?
Right.
What is your gut feeling about what is going on on the ground?
Well, it's nice those reactions side by side.
Who do you think holds the high moral ground, if either side does right now, in terms of opinion outside of the immediate region?
Well, I mean, that's a difficult question to ask, because certainly outside the region, there are impressions that are gleaned from the news, from what people read in the newspaper, but really, it's here where the history of this conflict doesn't begin last Wednesday when the fighting began.
Do you believe that Iran, from everything you're gleaning on the ground there, is as involved as the Israelis believe?
Well, certainly.
What do you think it's going to take to try and guarantee some form of cease-fire?
Well, I think this is a very serious situation.
They're two completely separate areas, aren't they?
Well, that's right.
Are we any nearer to knowing the answer to that question?
Well, we have a process in place to find that out, and the Senate Intelligence Committee has made very clear, and I made it clear in the meeting, that we want that whole process from A to Z gone through, and who made what changes from the initial analysis done by the CIA.
What does he mean, Prime Minister Netanyahu, by long- term solution and what does he mean by taking whatever action necessary?
Well, long-term solution meaning that once we reach a cease-fire with Hamas, they will not fire at us at the first opportunity or at the will or whenever they decide and whatever necessary means that if there is no relent to terrorizing more of half of the population of Israel, four million people under fire, we may have to consider going in, so we find ourselves, Piers, in the position of reluctant warriors, if you may.
What do you say to that?
Well, I say that this is tongue-in-cheek and in fact, Israel which really is the only Western country with a real democratic regime, with all the checks and balances and free press, we are the most humane, the most compassionate.
Do you know how many Palestinians you've killed in the last eight days?
Well, it seems like about 120 were killed, about 60 of them were known terrorists, about 60 or less than that were unfortunately uninvolved.
What will it take for you to launch a ground invasion now, do you think?
Well, we hope for a cease-fire last night.
How do you personally feel about the indiscriminate firing of rockets into Israeli civilian areas going back months and years?
Well, we always have said that we do not condone violence from any side, but you have to keep in mind, Piers, that this current cycle of violence started when Israel took out a military commander of Hamas on Wednesday.
Why shouldn't they defend themselves by taking him out?
Well, that particular person whom you are talking about was also instrumental in concluding the idea that the release of the Israeli soldier a year ago and he has been instrumental at working to calm the situation down in the Gaza strip.
A day that promised so much, but in the end delivered very little, what is your reading of where we are with this?
Well, I don't think it promised all that much.
How else do they tackle Hamas and its firing of missiles?
Well, if you want a long- term solution to it, you have to deal with it at the political level.
That is the way it's going to have to be?
A lot has to happen before that.
What do you think the big-picture solution could be?
Well, several weeks ago, I had occasion to meet with Prime Minister -- President Abbas and I tried to break the deadlock.
Reza Aslan, is that a good solution?
I don't see any reason to think that there is any desire on the part of the current Israeli government to pursue that kind of policy.
What do you make in the way that debate just happened?
Well, you can look at the past and lament everything that's happened and complain about it.
Does that put more pressure now on the leaders of Israel and the Palestinians to come together and bang their heads together, get a deal done?
I think so.
Arwa, how is the atmosphere like in Gaza and is there a sense that Hamas has strengthened its position through the last eight or nine days?
There is to a certain degree simply because if you look at the terms of the ceasefire agreement, at the very least, it does state that Israel must open its border crossings, it needs to facilitate the movement of goods and of people.
How significant is the fact that Egypt appears to be calling the shots in terms of the way that the Palestinians are reacting?
Well, on the one hand, one needs to remember that when it came to trying to mediate deals between these two sides, Egypt has always played something of a pretty critical and central role.
Can you outline exactly what you believe the spirit of this agreement to be today?
It is an arrangement that has been negotiated with Egypt and with the support of the United States.
Do you see any parallel there and do you see a time when Hamas will be seen as a legitimate body by Israel?
You know, if Hamas changed, if Hamas moderated its positions, if Hamas met the three benchmarks that were articulated by the United Nations, that is recognizing my country's right to exist, abandoning terrorism and violence, supporting peace, then the door is open to negotiations.
How much of a concern is it to you that Mahmoud Abbas had very little to do with this ceasefire being broken, in fact nothing, we understand?
No, I think I hope the Americans will not fall into another mistake.
So are you personally concerned that all the dealings here appear to have been done directly with Hamas and not with a wider group to include President Abbas?
President Abbas was not absent from all these negotiations.
Christiane, what did you make of your interview with Khaled Meshaal, and in particular, the way he defined how a possible peace settlement could unravel here?
Well, he was talking about eventual recognition of the state of Israel because that's what everybody wants to know about the Palestinian.
How are you, Piers?
I want to read you a tweet from a mutual friend of ours.
Do you know who wrote that?
I don't.
How do you view the president's time the last few days?
I don't see how or why you would be critical of a ceasefire.
What was your view?
Right.
Would you like to Chris Christie running as a potential president in 2016?
Well, you know, you're preaching to the converted here.
What has life been like for you in Gaza over the last eight or nine days?
It's rather actually a very hard time for us, all of us.
What is your view?
It's been very difficult eight days in (INAUDIBLE).
What would you say to her as a young Israeli woman to a young Palestinian woman?
I mean, I'm sure that she's facing a difficult reality, but I don't want to get into politics because, you know, we are just civilians and I can feel her story, you know, as I new mother I can relate to her story as well.
What would you say, Ameera, in response to what Natalie said there?
Yes, I agree with her, the first part that we're both mothers and we are civilians, and we don't want to involve in the political issue.
So I don't know how I can teach her, you know, the meaning of life to be a normal kid, to live under, you know, peaceful time, while she is growing up under attack (INAUDIBLE), you know?
What I get from talking to both of you is that -- is that when you cut away from all the politics and from military wings of both these political sides, what you are left with are real people living in very, very difficult situations, and the most important thing now is the ceasefire holds and that the people who've been responsible for all these rockets and missiles get together around the negotiating table and bring both of you a better life where you don't have to worry about what happens to your young children every day or young children that belong to your friends and relative.
What did you make of what they said?
The human aspect is very, very touching without a doubt.
Do you think it's inevitable and is it almost essential that the same process now happens with Hamas, given, as you say, that so many Palestinians and so many Arab countries around Israel believe that it is an elected body and should be legitimized?
What we saw in Northern Ireland was a two-track process.
What do you think of the way this is now playing out for Obama, for his presidency, for the Democrats and for their strategy in the Middle East?
Well, one thing that's really important to remember is that, you know, I think that Netanyahu has an election coming up in January, so, you know, in our election, he kind of bet on the wrong course.
Kristen Soltis, do you agree with that?
I think to an extent.
Charles, are you getting the same feeling that I am, that there is a more collective will to try and avoid falling off this cliff and to get a deal done perhaps sooner rather than later?
I absolutely do believe that.
How are you going to avoid being chopped out the boat?
Well, of course, it's a little funny to watch a senator or a congressman who got himself elected by promising the citizen of his state that he would go to Washington to reform government, not raises taxes to pay for our problems.
Why do you care?
I'm in favor of not raising taxes on all the American people, and as you know the American people quite rightly understand that politicians who say, I'm going to tax the rich, have not finished the sentence.
Now what if we had carried -- what if we had carried along the Bush rate of growth of the eight years before Obama?
Well, there were three periods of growth or low growth during the Bush years.
I'm doing great, Piers, how are you?
Very interesting this debate now in the Republican Party, especially involving Grover Norquist.
What do you think?
Well, I think what you heard Grover say and what others have said is that we do need more revenues.
What's the ideological difference if in the end wealthier people in America are all paying a little bit more tax?
Well, it's not really an ideological difference.
It's all about raising revenue through taxing the wealthier Americans a little bit more, isn't it?
Right.
What do you think?
Well, I think Chris Christie did job number one when Sandy came through as governor.
Who would you most fear coming up against whoever the Democrat candidate will be in 2016?
I'm not fearing anybody.
How do you feel about that?
Well, I don't think about that.
You don't look in the mirror some mornings and think, I'm an icon?
No.
Do you ever get anyone have a go at you?
There's the old saying, of all the people who don't like me, just think of the millions who have never heard of me.
When you finished the book, what did you think of your life?
Actually it was really an easy book to write.
What do you -- what do you make of what's happened to you in those 80 years?
Well, it's kind of -- you can't think about all of that at once.
Are you a happy guy?
I'm very happy right now.
As happy as you've ever been?
Yes.
Did you ever meet him?
Yes, I did.
Did you go drinking together?
We had a drink together.
Jack Daniels?
I didn't check the labels.
Did I say that?
Yes.
Did you make up this morning and have a quick you know?
I probably did, I probably did.
Do you take a lot of it?
I think some people have more tolerance, you know, for smoking pot than others, and I know people who can take one hit and just go to sleep completely.
Now what do you make of that?
I think it's progress, and I think it's, you know, a great step forward and people are finally growing up and looking around the room and checking things out.
Are you planning a vacation there soon?
Maybe they'll have a coffee house.
You can have the Willie Nelson coffee chain, couldn't you?
Why not.
If you were consigned to a desert island and you could only listen to one song endlessly on a permanent replay, what would you choose?
That would be really hard to say, because, you know, this is -- I just recorded a song with with Dolly Parton that I think is the best song that -- she wrote it.
Really?
And I told her, I think this is the best song I've heard in a long time.
Do you really believe that?
I believe that.
That could be a strategy that works?
I do know it would work.
When you look at the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, what do you think about America's position in the world, its foreign policy in particular, in the last 12 years or so?
Well, as you probably know I'm completely against war.
Do you see any chance of actual peace in the Middle East?
Well, if you believe in the bible, where it says two things.
Were you pleased he got re- elected?
Yes, I'm glad he got re-elected.
I mean, how would you describe yourself?
I'm not really.
You never voted for anybody?
Well, I have voted, yes.
Did you -- did you this time?
No.
Why not?
ELSON: Well, I had all kinds of excuses.
You didn't feel passionately enough about either candidate?
I really felt like Obama was going to win, that he didn't really need one more vote that he already had sown up.
And what do you make of the gun debate in America?
Well, you know, I've partied all my life, and, you know, when I was a young I had a BB gun, I had a rubber gun, I had shotguns and rifles and all those things, and I went deer hunting and bear hunting.
Talented guys your sons?
Yes, they are.
One of them is here, he did illustrations for the book?
Very proud of them.
Are you proud of them?
Very much.
Do you think you've become a better husband?
Well, yes, I think age has a lot to do with that, you know.
What have you learned about marriage?
Nothing.
You had a great line about divorce?
Yes, the reason divorces are so expensive is they're worth it.
And yet, although you say that, you also -- always stayed fond of your ex's, am I right?
Oh, yes.
You must thought that was important?
I do think it's important to -- you know, especially if you have children which we do, you know, you should stay friends and -- with your ex-wives.
So if I was to ask you, how many of all the girls you've loved before we would reach how many would it be?
Well, you said properly in love.
How would you define properly?
Well, I wouldn't -- what I said, I wouldn't have put it in there, but --
How many times have you been in love in your life?
I don't know.
Is she the -- is she the real love of your life, would you say?
Well, for the moment she is.
Do I ever sing songs to her?
Yes.
Are you a romantic at heart?
Hundred percent, yes.
The greatest moment of my life that doesn't involve children or women?
Yes.
If I could let you relive a moment, what would you choose?
That's a difficult one.
What's the a great life for you personally, for whatever reason?
Every time I go do a show, where I show up and they show up, and they come and clap and pay good money to hear -- you know, hear me sing songs, it doesn't get any better than that.
You know?
Willie, I could talk to you all day.
Do you like being, for what you were, the most evil man on television?
Well, you know, I don't think I was an evil man, I was just like a Texas businessman, that's all.
Isn't it?
Especially with his own family.
But did you like the reputation?
Of course I do, it is wonderful.
How are you?
I'm doing great, Piers.
How are you?
You've been keeping your head below the Parapet since the shellacking you guys took in the election.
What is your reaction to the pretty poor defeat?
Well, I mean I think that we got to look at everything that we're doing.
With hindsight, was it a mistake to choose Mitt Romney as the Republican nominee?
No, I don't think so at all.
Right, where is it?
-- pretty substantial spending cuts and tax increases.
Are you accusing the president of lying?
You've never seen this plan.
Is he lying?
I don't think the plan is out there.
They're lying, are they?
I'm not saying that.
Yes, but, Reince, if the plan is exactly as he has stated here, and it includes some tax increases as the vast majority, nearly two thirds, more than two thirds of the American public want, actually want, if that is on the table, why wouldn't the Republicans sign up to it?
Listen, I don't know the details of what he's offering, Piers.
What is your opinion of it?
Well, I'm going to -- listen, and that's kind of things, Piers, national security, the decisions that have to be made in regard to the secretary of state, I'm going to leave that up to the leadership in our -- in our Senate.
Is the president going to hold his nerve and increase taxes or is he going to be bullied off by the Republicans to try and do a deal to avoid falling off the fiscal cliff?
The president has been quite clear that he wants a balanced approach to our deficit problems, that he wants higher revenue raised from increasing taxes for the top 2 percent, the most fortunate Americans, and spending cuts so that we are on a fiscally sustainable path.
What is plan B?
Well, first of all, I don't think that's in the country's best interest, and I think we've heard from Republicans that they are finally talking about raising revenue from upper income families, so these are solvable problems and we are doing our best to try to solve them.
But what do you feel about Grover Norquist and his implacable opposition to raising taxes which seems to have been the mantra for so many Republicans for so long?
No, I'm an economist and to me, the solution to our problems is quite clear.
Does that make sense?
OK.
Thirty- two million copies, Rick Warren?
Yes, nobody is more surprised than I am.
I mean I'm assuming you would be in the wealthiest who should give away more, right?
Well, yes.
Am I right?
Yes, that's true.
Are they made gay?
Yes.
Really?
Yes.
And what would you -- what would you counsel him?
Well, I don't really know his motivation behind it, so I would -- I would like to talk to him first before I would comment on his issue.
What's wrong with that?
Well, the problem is several things.
And what is wrong with giving the poorer sections, the needier sections of society a bit of hope and even if for most of them it turns out in the end to be a hope that isn't realized?
Well, because it's false hope.
You've got no way of knowing, have you?
Well, we actually do know it.
And I guarantee, most everybody realizes I probably won't win tonight, but what if?
I mean, you make it sound wonderfully harmless.
Now that is a huge chunk of change, isn't it?
It's -- government gambling has been a failed revenue source across the country, whether it's Massachusetts, California, you name it.
What is actually your problem with that?
But if you have sales -- that money comes from $4.7 billion worth of sales.
Which one should I do?
Well, I'm going to sidebar for just a second on you and then come back to that if I can.
I mean, there's got to be somebody tomorrow possibly who'll be re-watching this avidly as I'm sure they do every night, and saying, Dave Ramsey, I just won half a billion dollars, you know, what are you talking about?
And there's 175 million that'll be watching -- I hope your ratings were that good tomorrow night -- that didn't win.
Does America suffer when taxes are slightly higher in terms of its economic prosperity, or is that just a bit of a myth?
Well, I think there's a lot of theories out there running around and you know I've got the formal education in finance degree and so I've studied economics like a lot of folks have, and I was formally schooled in Keynesian economics.
Steven Rattner, is there a principle or is it just bloody minded news now by Republicans led by Grover Norquist, we shall not pay anymore taxes ever?
At some point, of course, there is such a thing as too much tax.
Putting your pragmatic hats on, if you were in that negotiating room, Emil Henry, what would the deal be?
Broadly speaking, here's where I think this has to end up.
Steven Rattner, if you were in that room and that was on the table what would you say?
I would say you need to have a compromise that's more in the middle.
Is this becoming a tax on the poor?
It is a tax on the poorer and the numbers bare that out.
I mean, it's a gimmick, isn't it?
It is a gimmick.
Were you surprised?
MILEY: Not at all.
What should they be thinking now?
Well, first of all, my preference, my preference is for the president to be more progressive.
And very quickly, what's the number one priority to try and eradicate poverty, would you say?
Jobs, jobs, jobs, and jobs with a living wage.
Do you appreciate that, too?
Well, I've got to tell you honestly, Piers, I've been doing this almost 23 years, and there has been nothing but goodness coming as far as I can see.
And Yolanda, are you allowed to play the lottery or not?
Nobody in the New York Lottery can play.
What is the biggest amount of money you've won on a scratch card?
Oh, I think I won $250 in the state of Georgia.
You decided not to retire?
Yes.
If you won -- obviously, I know you can't, I'm talking metaphorically, if you won a half a billion dollars, as the Powerball now is tonight what would you spend it on?
I think right now -- I mean I've always thought I'd buy an exotic island or a bunch of cars for friends and family.
How many seconds was it, do you think, gentlemen -- let me start with you, if I may, Frank -- before John Boehner rejected out of hand President Obama's attempt to try and do a fiscal cliff deal?
With $1.6 trillion in new taxes, I think probably half a second.
What do you think, Frank?
Well, I mean, they care in largest part about staying in office, and one of the problems here is what each individual member of Congress thinks he or she needs to do to stay in office is not necessarily in concert with someone else -- with what someone else thinks.
And I think it's hard for everyone to pull back, look at things from a macro level and say, What's best for the country because each person is saying, What's best for me?
Ross Douthat, I mean, from where I sit, having interviewed all the protagonists now for the last week as we head to this incredibly dull 30 days of the same debate being played out -- eventually, we know they'll do a deal.
Do you think they're going to end in the end have to acquiesce to that?
I sort of do think they will because in certain ways, from the Republican perspective, you could argue that the smartest thing to do is to, you know, vote -- vote to extend all the Bush tax cuts, let President Obama veto that extension, then vote a middle class tax cut and let the top bracket expire.
And in the end, isn't that what everybody would like to see at the end of this very complicated, rather dangerous rainbow?
Well, it's interesting.
Well, why can't they just be grown-up about this, accept that there's movement on both sides to be done, and get it done over a turkey at the White House?
Well, you know, it would be great to have a celebration.
Why does it mean so much to Palestinians that the U.N. today has slightly upgraded your status?
It's about statehood.
Do you believe that is in reality what could happen here?
Absolutely.
What is your response?
Piers, you know, I was there at the United Nations, as you know, and I listened carefully because I thought, you know, today, we will hear a speech by a leader like Sadat who would go to the end of the earth to achieve peace.
Do you think a deal can actually get done, or are we just basically just going to see a lot more posturing before more missiles start ricocheting around on both sides?
Look, as you know, I was -- and I think Dr. Erakat was with me on the negotiation table.
Are you guys prepared to sit down with Hamas leaders and actually deal directly with people who many believe now have more authority than the Palestinian authority?
First of all, thank you for asking me because I heard you talk about it once, and being Israel's ambassador, former ambassador to the court of St. James, you would agree with me that even the craziest of crazy, Northern Ireland, did not claim London as the capital.
Mike, how are you?
I'm doing great.
You think he's done a good enough job to deserve being re-elected?
Absolutely.
Why are the Republicans so out of touch?
We have to have some Republican representative and he has to tell you.
When you go back to your old streets and you meet your old guys and so on, what do you think the real cares and fears of the average American on the street are right now?
Health care.
Where is real happiness throughout that process?
Real -- from my perspective, I can only tell you -- as you're asking me, from my ordeals in life and challenges.
What advice could you give somebody like that?
You know, I wanted Lindsey to win so bad.
What does she need to do, Mike, to get out of it?
She needs a good support system.
Have you met her before?
I've met her, yes.
What do you think of her?
I think she's an awesome person that's just got to get it together.
He's not bad, is he?
No, he's real good.
Did you enjoy that?
Yeah, I really did.
What was he like?
YSON: He's an awesome little kid.
He's really tiny, isn't he?
He's average size.
What did you talk about?
His mother likes birds.
You talked about pigeons?
Yeah.
Does he keep pigeons?
No, but I believe his mother had birds.
Do you still keep pigeons?
I have at least a hundred at my house now, yes.
You love them, don't you?
Yes, that's what I do.
What is it about the pigeon?
I can' tell you.
When you're with them, what do you feel?
I feel like I'm in heaven.
You have always been like that with them?
Always.
Freddy?
Watch the left hook.
What did you think of my left hook technically, though?
I think that it was really horrible.
Did you know Hector?
Yeah, I knew Hector.
How hard is it, Mike, for people who have been at the top of boxing, with all the adrenaline, the buildup to these fights for months; then you get in there, the adrenaline rush, the public going crazy, and then the actual fight; and then suddenly it's all over; you don't have it in your life anymore?
Yeah, then you go to drugs, too.
How do you feel now?
Well, I don't put myself in those situations.
When was the last time you hit a man?
I don't know.
Remember that ordeal?
The photographer, yeah.
Good shot?
Yeah.
Really?
Yes.
Can you beat on a monkey or something?
I want you in that film.
When you hear him talk about what you did to him and for his life, what do you think?
I don't know.
Does everybody need somebody like a Cus D'Amato to just get a grip of them?
Listen, I don't know if someone needs someone like Cus.
What are you going to do with it next?
We're going to go all over, 36 cities across the nation.
Really?
The city I did my time in and stuff.
How will that feel?
That's going to be pretty awesome.
If I was to really want to knock somebody out, what is the absolutely best way to do it?
Knocking out is not necessarily having a hard punch.
How do you guys find out about this, Walt?
Since we're pretty familiar in the community, several people in the community started texting us about, oh, 9:00 that morning, and, you know, of course, there are no secrets in a small town.
It really is a wonderful pre-holiday story, isn't it?
Yes.
Have they given any indication to you?
All they said today was that they were definitely going to take care of their family and their grandchildren and set up college funds for them, and then they had some charities they are really into the adoption and so I know that they were possibly thinking about getting another child, and making sure that the adoption community, you know, gets some of their money.
Walt, did you buy tickets yourselves for this Powerball?
We did.
What's going to happen to Mark's job now with all this?
He's not going back to work.
When you took over from the legendary Joe Paterno with all the shame and scandal that had befallen Penn State -- be honest with me, what was really going through your mind?
Well, I knew that it was going to be a difficult challenge and so the first thing I tried to do was put together a great coaching staff and I think that's what we've done here.
How have you reassured everybody that there's a whole new world now at Penn State and they don't have to worry about it?
Well, I believe that we have great communication with our players, number one.
And what are your thoughts personally towards Joe Paterno and indeed, towards Jerry Sandusky?
Well, you know, I'll start with Coach Paterno.
How are you?
I love you more, by the way, and I'm fine.
Was it really?
Five years.
We had a blast, didn't we?
You do look great, I have got to say.
How did you feel when you got this back and thought, here we go again?
I couldn't see myself going through chemo again.
How did you feel?
Relieved.
Is that what went through your mind, that even if there's one percent chance, you don't want to take it?
No, because I never -- I never believe those surveys, anyway, because they're always wrong.
How have your mom and dad been?
You know, I think my mom and dad took the news far worse than I did.
You never stop booing the whole time, did you?
Pathetic.
He's not trying to bite the baby, is he?
She's trying to bite him.
What happened?
-- clearly missing me, you clearly missing me.
What went wrong?
I do not know.
Did you feel that?
I thought he handled himself really well, because we know him as the Howard Stern of radio.
What was the truth?
They did offer Jack the job.
Do you like any of them?
I watch them all.
Who is the worst judge on television at the moment?
Oh, dear.
Am I allowed back soon?
I would love you to come back.
When are you in New York next?
Next week.
Would you like another picture?
Do you know what, I just had my tea.
Was it that -- was it the concept of being able to create this incredible scene that really attracted you to the movie?
Well, actually, you know, having this plane crash in the movie was a detriment to my possible decision, because I had done a plane crash in "Castaway" with Tom Hanks.
You need an actor of his kind of brilliance, don't you?
Absolutely.
Does he deserve an Oscar, do you think?
Oh, absolutely.
Do you ever stop and think about that?
You know, I don't think about it that often.
It was about 30 million?
Thirty one million, yes.
And it's grossed what so far?
Well, about 77, 78 million.
How do you quantify in the modern game of movies a real success?
For me, my -- I have done this my entire career.
What does it take to be really top draw?
Well, I think -- well, I've worked with a lot of great actors, I mean magnificent actors.
Is that your reading of it?
Absolutely.
So how does that make you feel?
I -- I feel good.
How many people do you meet on a daily basis that go, you are my hero?
A lot -- a lot of people...
When you get down on those blocks and you're about to explode, what actually goes through the Golden Bolt's mind?
You -- all you try to do is just relax, really.
What does it take to be a champion, not just any old champion, to be a great champion?
Well, it's just hard work.
Is it all of it, do you think?
It's everything.
-- who are your heroes, sporting heroes?
For me, uh, Michael Johnson was definitely one.
And I want to know whether you can basically sing like Marley?
No.
You've got no game?
No.
Really?
-- I can't really sing.
No?
I've tried, though, but...
Can you do any Bob Marley for me?
Oh, the one -- my one song which I always sing is like...
Are you going to -- are you going to go for it in Rio?
Without a doubt.
How many -- how many real -- as you sit here now, how many do you think you can race in Rio?
Well, I've -- well, I've -- I've mentioned this to my coach and I've said it to him.
ORGAN: These are Puma, right?
(INAUDIBLE) yes.
Do you wear these?
Yes.
Huh?
That's the key, though.
If you had five minutes to live and I had the power to relive a moment for you from your life, what would you choose?
World Junior Championships, 2002.
Why that?
It was -- it was one of my -- it was a life-changing experience for me in every sense.
Once?
Yes.
Did she break your heart?
Vice versa.
Oh, really?
We both -- we both had our problems.
How does it feel to be an inspiration for literally people who are disabled the entire world over, as you are now, thanks to the Olympics?
Yes, I think it's a massive blessing.
It's like of all the things to choose, why that?
Oh, actually, I met him at the Paralympics, and I watched that -- your interview with him and -- and I had a long chat with him.
What did she say to you?
She was just crying.
And do you understand that argument?
I'm actually really good friends with Michael.
So as you -- now you've had time to calm down and reflect on it, what do you think?
No, it is definitely a debate that needed to be brought up.
Are you going to run in Rio?
Yes, we're going to -- that's the plan.
-- since your Olympic appearances?
I haven't had much time to think about that.
What is the answer?
Well, I believe the answer is education and I believe if we can find a way to get the kids to communicate -- and, seriously, arm them with education, then I think they can make the correct choices.
What is behind this?
You know, I ask the same question.
What is it about the gun that is so appealing to these young gang members in Chicago?
HOMAS: You know, I'm a kid that grew up in poverty, so I understand that, you know, there -- you thirst and you want acknowledgement and power.
And respect?
Respect, power.
Would you have let him go, if you were -- if you'd still been the Knicks coach?
You know, I am so glad that I didn't have anything to do with that deal --
Would you have sold or allowed them to sell Jeremy Lin if he was playing for you at the time?
You know, with such a direct question, I think it deserves a direct answer.
Any plans to come back one day?
Well, you know, you never say never.
So the door is open?
Well, I don't know.
And the Nets moving to Brooklyn?
I like it.
You did?
I like it.
Mike, how are you?
I'm doing great.
You think he's done a good enough job to deserve being re-elected?
Absolutely.
Why are the Republicans so out of touch?
We have to have some Republican representative and he has to tell you.
When you go back to your old streets and you meet your old guys and so on, what do you think the real cares and fears of the average American on the street are right now?
Health care.
Where is real happiness throughout that process?
Real happiness from my perspective, I can only tell you -- as you're asking me, from my ordeals in life and challenges.
What advice could you give somebody like that?
You know, I wanted Lindsey to win so bad.
What does she need to do, Mike, to get out of it?
She needs a good support system.
Have you met her before?
I've met her, yes.
What do you think of her?
I think she's an awesome person that's just got to get it together.
Do you still keep pigeons?
I have at least a hundred at my house now, yes.
You love them, don't you?
Yes, that's what I do.
What is it about the pigeon?
I can' tell you.
When you're with them, what do you feel?
I feel like I'm in heaven.
You have always been like that with them?
Always.
When you hear him talk about what you did to him and for his life, what do you feel?
I don't know.
Does everybody need somebody like a Cus D'Amato to just get a grip of them?
Listen, I don't know if someone needs someone like Cus.
What are you going to do with it next?
We're going to go all over, 36 cities across the nation.
Really?
The city I did my time in and stuff.
How will that feel?
That's going to be pretty awesome.
When was the last time you put on a pair of boxing gloves?
Last time I got my ass kicked.
If I was to really want to knock somebody out, what is the absolutely best way to do it?
Knocking out is not necessarily having a hard punch.
How do you hide it?
I don't know, you jab.
Why did Jovan Belcher need a high-powered hand gun?
Well, he didn't need a -- any hand gun to kill to murder his wife and leave the poor baby as an orphan.
Well, I'm assuming most hand guns are high powered, right?
So what you mean -- so you call it high powered handgun by which you mean a normal handgun and I don't know why he owned a handgun.
At what point do you say in America, enough guns, actually what we need to do is reduce the number of guns?
Right.
Why don't we try 300 million?
Well, you see, you want to confiscate all guns in the United States.
What is your take on it?
It's mind-boggling to me.
What is your view of what he said and his right to say it?
Well, again, there's a time and a place.
Short of bringing you out of retirement, what should they be doing?
Well, they ought to be dealing with this on the up-and-up instead of dealing the way they are.
Confident?
Now you're talking about some good football there, buddy.
The law is being changed to ensure that whoever the firstborn child is, boy or girl, will automatically become king or queen, but it's not actually a done deal yet, is it?
No, it's not.
Is it literally the first one out is the heir?
Well, like you say, if this legislation comes into play, which I suspect it will ahead of the birth, then yes, if the firstborn, the first twin to birth is a girl, then she will take precedence over either the sister or the brother.
People call it acute morning sickness or whatever, but it's a bit worse than that, isn't it?
It is worse than just typical morning sickness.
Does it increase the potential risk of a miscarriage?
Well, it does increase the possible risk of having a baby prematurely, although if you look across the board, most babies are born perfectly healthy so it's a small increase in that sort of condition but typically if it's going to be treated well and again, lasting just a few weeks, then everything should go pretty well after that.
And do you see again -- I know you've done so much on this, but do you see a potential parallel here with him?
Well, you know, I think a lot of people are certainly looking that way.
Given that both sides know where they need to move, why the games?
Well, it's not clear that both sides know.
You're calling Reid as well?
Oh, yes, absolutely.
How did you feel?
Standing on the stage at the White House looking out at my buddies that I served in combat with, all the brass in the military, two families that had lost their sons that night that I was being awarded this medal for, it was very bittersweet.
What is your view about gun control in America?
I absolutely love the Second Amendment.
What is life going to be like for you now?
Life's exciting.
Why?
We followed the evidence.
Bill Nye, your response?
Well, we start talking about the facts, those --
Do you agree that when I was a kid or when you were a kid, there was 340 parts per million of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere?
Sure.
What's your point?
OK.
And what do you put that rate down to, Bill?
It's human activity.
And what are the biggest factors, the manmade factors creating the acceleration of CO2 in the atmosphere?
Well, the biggest thing is when I was 9 years old, the earth's population changed from 2.999 billion to three billion.
How do you explain that the Eastern Seaboard, for example, is getting some of the warmest weather it's ever had at the same time that California has been plunged into storm after storm in the last week and you see New York last month had the worst hurricane it's ever endured and so on and so on?
Sure.
How do you explain that we're getting so many of these freakish weather patterns if at the same time you've got all this extra CO2 in the atmosphere and all these people now guzzling up power and energy and emitting gases that weren't there before?
No.
Surely that is evidence, isn't it?
No.
What was your take on the two meetings?
Well, we were honored to be invited.
Don't you feel like you're batting the wrong kind of game here?
Well, that's for the Congress to decide and that's part of the debate.
Why wasn't this done in the first quarter?
Well, Piers, as you know, there were a number of efforts before the election to get this done and there were major differences between the parties, and those parties became a big part of the conversation during the presidential debate.
What is the way through this and how is this likely, in your expert opinion, to be resolved?
Well, first of all, I think it took the very tough two closings of the federal government, one for six days, the other for 21 days, in order to get to a point where we were able to negotiate seriously to get welfare reform, which was vetoed twice and then signed, and then to get four consecutive balanced budgets, which was a pretty substantial accomplishment, the only time in your lifetime we've had four consecutive American balanced budgets.
Are you?
Well, Piers, I'm happy for you to pay it, too.
Would you be happy to?
Of course I'm prepared.
How does that make you feel?
Feel good.
How many people do you meet on a daily basis who go, you are my hero?
A lot of people.
When you get down on those blocks and you are about to explode, what actually goes through the Golden Bolt's mind?
All you try to do is just relax, really.
Not just any old champion, to be a great champion?
Well, it's just hard work.
Is it all of it?
It's everything.
Is there something in the Jamaican yam?
I think it may have something to do with yams.
Sporting heroes?
For me, Michael Johnson was definitely one.
What about other sports?
Other sports.
Can you do the Gangnam?
I can do a little bit.
Your thoughts?
I remember at the Olympics --
Coming from him, he hasn't exactly got the most graceful style, has he?
I remember at the Olympics, the first Olympics in Beijing, I remember when I was going to run the 200 meters.
You got no game?
No.
Can you do any Bob Marley for me?
My one song I always sing is like, "one love, one heart, let's get together and feel all right."
Why would I be bitter about that, you say?
I don't know.
The cue?
The line, whatever you call it.
Is this true?
No, I'm single right now.
You're single?
Yes.
What can I say man?
Let's talk Rio.
Are you going to go for it in Rio?
Without a doubt.
How many -- as you sit here now, how many do you think you can race in Rio?
Well, I've mentioned this to my coach and I have said it to him.
These are Puma, right?
They're light for the size.
You wear these?
Yes.
Usain, there's a question I always ask people, if you had five minutes to live and I had the power to relive a moment for you from your life, what would you choose?
World Juniors 2002.
Why that?
It was one of my -- it was a life changing experience for me in every sense.
Once?
I had a girl friend for seven years.
Did she break your heart?
Vice versa.
What do you say then to America as you say, it makes me feel safe?
I think Carol had it exactly right when we interrupted what she said.
Alan Dershowitz?
Absolutely.
What you do about it, Alan Dershowitz?
Well, first of all, the picture should have been published.
Carol Roth?
All right.
Alan?
Think about some of the greatest and most iconic photographs ever published.
What benefit did this photo have?
And to mark history.
What does this photo have any -- have any benefit for?
Well, this is the very debate that I'm sure is being had all over America because they had been used, as I say, by almost every other form of media now who are therefore repeating the apparent offense of running the original picture which is hypocritical if you take a view against it.
Why can't they get around the table and negotiate properly?
Because all people care about is getting elected.
Well, what do you make of this and what does he make of this?
I think the morale is set so low right now on both sides.
And that is a very bad position for the Republicans to find themselves in, isn't it?
And the polls support that.
Is that an option?
I'm just --
My granddaughter?
Yes, just hold on, ma'am.
Alan Dershowitz, have you ever heard anything so ludicrous?
It's the worst imitation I've ever heard.
Abby, final word on this?
I think it's pretty innocent and gave us all a laugh today so --
Is it actually news in the sense that this is the first we've heard of this or are the Pentagon do you think now briefing this is a reality?
Well, there have been reports already that Syria has weaponized its sarin, it's a nerve gas, already into Scud missiles, into artillery, and in the bombs.
How do we know this intelligence is true?
Well, I suppose we don't know.
And what did he say?
He said, no, not yet.
The question is, twofold, one is Assad likely to do this as one last hurrah, and secondly, what will America actually do if it comes to it?
First of all, I just don't think that we're being duped by the administration.
Why would he risk the wrath of the world descending on him over such an action?
It's hard to see how it is possibly advances his cause except as part of a negotiation.
When do the colonels come after him to use a Latin phrase?
I don't think that happens.
Did he need to do this and what is the fallout going to be here?
Yes.
How are you feeling about it now?
That's the tragedy.
What should America be doing that it's not, do you think?
Well, I think -- you know, I think that Hillary Clinton has made a very, very strong statement today.
It's just absolutely disgusting, isn't it?
No, it certainly is.
Is he getting more than me?
We'll have to check that out.
Is she nice, Taylor Swift?
So fantastic.
When we talk about these Christmas presents, which obviously there are a lot made in China, in India and other places, that flood into America and to Europe, what responsibility do businesses have that sell these products to try and find out what is going on at the origin or them, in terms of these sweat shops with these young kids?
Well, you know, Piers, good businesses will be checking the supply chain.
And what pressure should countries, perhaps like America, be putting on countries like India to be dealing with this child labor issue?
India at the moment has no law that bans child labor completely.
What can we do about the treatment of young people like her that are being victimized by the Taliban, by other organizations like that, to try to protect them going forward?
You've got remember, Malala was shot simply because she wanted to go to school.
What do you think should be happening here to try and get a deal to avoid the fiscal cliff happening?
I have no doubt that people are working very hard to get a deal.
Why did do you this?
You know, it actually started by a late night conversation over twitter with a woman who was pooh-poohing government's role in provision nutrition for kids.
How are you finding it?
You know, it's a little more difficult than I imagined and I thought I would be good on eating on a tight budget.
Your reaction?
First of all, I hope people are sniping.
There is a real venomous (ph) disconnect here, isn't it?
Right.
Where do I send the Starbucks on Monday morning when it's all over for you?
I'm trying to decide whether having worked through days of headaches, whether I should go intravenous caffeine right away or stay away from this succulently seductive, addictive thing that --
So he wasn't a leader until you needed leadership?
Maybe until -- maybe until he was presented with a stark opportunity to lead.
I'm sure Mayor Cory Booker has a lot to say about this, because he may be your rival, of course, should you -- you can confirm this now -- but should you come up against Chris Christie politically, what do you make of what's going on with him and the president?
Well, first of all, I think that's the way government should work and that's what we should expect from people.
Booker v. Christie 2013?
I'm not even going to give you the denial.
Could you beat him?
Look, I think he's vulnerable.
How would you feel if the president comes down and puts his arm around him again at the height of the battle?
I think if there was a cause, a need for that, I applaud my president.
Booker for Senate, 2013?
Again, my focus right now is trying to figure out what that next step will be that is in accordance with my values.
President of the New Jersey "Star Trek" association?
Of the United States of America.
Really?
Yes.
What do we actually know about this?
Well, I can sure you, Piers, no one is snickering or laughing tonight.
We don't actually know for sure, I guess at this stage, whether her death is 100 percent linked to what happened, do we?
No, because we don't know the background, we don't know -- there might have been a series of events that culminated in her suicide but were not solely linked to this.
What do you make of it?
Well, suicides are very complicated.
What should be done about this?
That's such a difficult question.
Quickly, Kristen -- I'll come to you in a moment, Joe -- but do you feel comfortable that the Republicans are prepared to slash investment in something like food stamps in an effort to try and protect -- as it seems to many people -- the wealthiest 2 percent from paying more tax?
So I would disagree with the premise a little bit.
Where does that leave the party in four years time, if they try and fight on another platform that doesn't fully support and embrace gay rights in America?
Public opinion on this issue has changed very rapidly in sort of just the last 20 years.
How have you been?
I've been great.
But do you ever stop and think wow, I'm still only 33 and yet I've had this 18-year career?
It's pretty unbelievable.
What's being a mother like?
Oh my God.
Or had she just got lost in the maelstrom of fame and abuse and all the rest of it?
One of the things that I can't -- I can't put my mind around is where she really was because, you know, at the end of her life, I wasn't there.
As somebody who still can, do you understand what that feeling must be like?
I understand what that feels like.
How did you hear it?
I was actually in the same hotel that she passed in.
At the Beverly Hilton?
Yes.
It hit you that bad?
It just hit me in ways I can't even explain.
How is Ray doing, because he was very close to her?
Ray has been going through it.
Are you excited about having a new album out now, with everything that you've been through in the last 10 years?
I am.
When you sing, what do you feel?
I feel everything.
Your life?
Well, never mind yours.
It would be good, though, wouldn't it?
I think it would have been a good idea.
What do you want him to do to really show some fulfillment to that promise that we all felt?
ALDWIN: Well, I think that what I want him to do and what I think needs to be done are to some degree separate things but I do know that we've had a lot of programs, government-funded program for years now that represent both sides of the aisle.
That's not going to wash with the public, is it?
I don't think it is washing with the public.
What is your view and should politicians led by the president be doing more to try to at least limit some form of weapon?
Well, I'm in favor of people owning guns but I'm in favor of there being the most arduous process for them to qualify to own that gun.
You don't think?
Well, I think -- I think at best it's 50-50 where there's a rural or semirural component or people who live in a city that's kind of a B-sized city and out West where they have access to rural countrysides and shooting and guns and hunting, that sort of thing, is part of the culture.
Are you still flirting with it?
No.
Why?
Well, because, first of all, I start with looking at the other candidates.
Can your wife not read?
OK.
She's certainly not younger, is she?
Condi, we are not doing this.
Shopping?
That's him at McDonald's.
Is it good for any politician?
Well, I would imagine that the period -- the grieving period and the acceptance period when it doesn't go your way, especially when there was every inclination that it would go his way and remember what a long torturous, tedious primary period it was.
Why do you have such conflict with them?
I don't think I really do have any conflict with them in the sense that -- that guy, you're talking about that photographer, I mean, I think the most important thing to remember is I did not punch the guy and the guy was overheard by witnesses going down the street going through his camera with his finger, going, yes, there's a one.
Really?
If I could press the button tomorrow and flush them all down some swirling sewer vortex.
Did you bring any of your Schweaty balls for me?
Bing Crosby, Dickens.
Is it a fact that it's mainly live and it's dangerous, that' s it's -- you know?
Well, there's things like that but that's the only place you can say it.
What can you say about that?
Well, I think two things.
Am I gay?
-- been more properly in love.
Are you?
I may be unconsciously.
Are you a naturally romantic man?
I think I'm very romantic, yes.
Or have you felt this before, but it just didn't work out?
Well, I think as we get older, we have a more acute appreciation of that.
Are you a nicer guy to be with?
I think I'm --
Are you a better partner, do you think?
I think the biggest thing I wanted changed is just how stress filled my life is, because I try to do a lot.
Putting aside women and children, what's been the moment, if I could relive it for you, you'd go for?
I'd say it's probably a tie between my daughter being born.
Is that what I said?
Yes.
Other than women and children?
Yes.
Now that I'm not TV anymore, will you still have me on your show?
I will.
How do you even begin to cope?
You know, in the beginning you don't cope.
Is time, as people say so often in these situations, any kind of healer?
I think the only reason why time is a healer is because, you know, my whole life -- or not my whole life but certainly what felt like my whole life up to this point has really been about my girls and my children.
How would you describe life before this happened to you?
My life was fantastic.
When you're beginning to realize that you can't get your girls or your parents out of this inferno, what was going through your mind?
I mean, it's so horrific and so awful in that, you know, before this happened to me, I would never have imagined that there was anything that have could stopped me from going into a burning building and to save my children.
Did part of you just wish you died, too?
Oh, god, yes.
Do you blame anybody?
No.
I mean, do you even really know exactly what happened?
No.
Because the house was demolished, wasn't it?
Yes, that's right.
Do you have a satisfactory answer?
No.
He was an in store Santa Claus, wasn't he?
Yes, in his retirement.
Is that how you feel now?
Yes.
What will you do, do you think?
You know, every day has been awful.
How are you bearing up with this?
My faith.
How did you hear the news?
The police officer was trying to locate me for four hours and finally got my telephone number from someone and called me while I was at work, which he didn't know I was at work.
How did you feel?
Well, I was upset, but I realized, you know, our youth today are young and stupid, and we was all once that age and we'd done things that we are not proud of.
That the behavior of the players off the pitch, perhaps, needs more concern?
We can say yes and then also I think -- I think it's the individual.
How would you like him as his mother to be remembered?
Well, I would like Jerry to be remembered as his faith in God and being the best of friends and just an all-out scholar.
A crisis, would you say?
I don't know if it approaches crisis, perhaps it does but it's at a crossroads because there's an issue about the fundamental nature of the game.
What can you really do about it?
I'm not sure what can be done about it exactly.
I'm not commenting on the exact whys and where fors that will play out in the court of law about what happened between him and Trayvon Martin, but what does common sense tell you about the likelihood of that confrontation ever taking place in the first place if George Zimmerman was not carrying a gun?
I couldn't agree more.
Is it time for him to show some proper moral leadership here, do you think, and actually do something or try and do something?
Again, I'm not positioning myself as an expert, but as a private citizen, I would like to see him do that, yes.
Tell me about your journey and why you have ended up now in President Obama's camp?
Well, the reason that, as I said at the convention, I didn't leave the Republican party.
What do you parents make of your defection?
They're happy about it.
Would you agree with that?
She would be extremely formidable.
And what needs to be done to get a deal, do you think?
Well, you couldn't have said it better.
Do you actually that you're all going to rise up one day against a tyrannical presidency in your own country?
I would be the first one out there leading the people of this country against a tyrannical government.
James Fallows, what is your view of that?
Well, I guess I approach this on two levels.
What do you think?
I agree.
And what does it tell you about the ongoing conflict in Afghanistan?
Well, first of all, we don't know how the SEAL was killed.
Historically when we look back on this period, notwithstanding the death of bin Laden, do you think that the conflict in Afghanistan will be seen as anything but a rather miserable failure in the end?
I think it will be -- actually, it will be interestingly and maybe more positively paired with the war in Iraq, the war in Iraq being an entirely discretionary war that the U.S. undertook on the basis of incorrect information.
Do you think the politicians understand the kind of seriousness of the game that they're playing at the moment?
I think that they do.
And how will it play out?
Let's go prop on you.
Who's going to be top dog in the end, do you think?
That's tough.
How do you manage to do this and why can't more of your colleagues do this?
Respect, affection, traveling together.
Senator Graham, what is the secret to proper bipartisanship, do you think?
Well, in fairness to our colleagues, Piers, there are a lot of real close friendships around this place.
Have you ever known him not lose his temper?
IEBERMAN: Oh, yes.
Or are you comfortable with where things are?
Actually, I'm comfortable.
Why aren't there limits on the number of guns and the type of guns?
Well, there are limits.
You're going to blame the British?
Absolutely.
Why do you want eight guns?
Because I enjoy shooting.
That argument has gone, hasn't it?
Yes, it is.
Where is this deal, in the end, do you think, going to wash up?
You know what, the question is whether we have the political will to put the deal together that most people on both sides, both parties will tell you is what has to happen and that is, yes, raise taxes, raise revenues.
You've got to be very careful where you encourage the cutting of entitlements, right?
Well, yes.
ORGAN: But why isn't that happening?
Don't go out -- don't go out and continue the campaign that is over.
But can you tell me what you saw?
OK.
Did you see people being escorted out of the mall with their hands in the air?
I didn't see anybody with their hands up.
Were you close enough to witness any of that?
I did see the Santa stuff.
What was that scene like?
It was horrifying.
David, there was also another witness that said that people were locked inside the mall, that they were told to stay where they were, but you were able to get out?
Exactly.
Do you think it's random?
Any information about the actual investigation is not going to be appropriate to release right now.
Did they do everything they were supposed to in situations like this?
I don't -- I was not here.
Can you us more about the two victims?
I don't have any identifying information.
Can you confirm that?
I don't have any information about the investigation at this is point that I can share.
Any minor injure?
I don't know.
Were you folks in contact with mall security watching it unfold on video camera?
I do not have that information.
How many people are still in there?
There's still police officers inside the mall.
And do you expect his name to be released at 8:00?
I doubt that it will be released at 8:00.
What can you tell us about him?
It was an adult male.
Was he 20S, 30s, 40s?
That's the extent of the information I've been given.
Was he wearing a mask?
I don't have that information for you.
Were any shots fired outside the mall?
I'm --
Did the shooter shoot anybody outside the mall?
I don't have any information about the shooter to share with anybody.
Has law enforcement identified the shooter?
I do not know.
Do you think that younger people don't care nearly as much about it as their parents and grandparents?
I think part of it's generational.
But can they both be equal?
RAHAM: Well, here's what --
Can I answer this?
Yes.
What do you think they should decide?
I -- I think that marriage ought to be decided by the states.
Well, is it possible for three people to genuinely love each other and want to share their lives together?
Of course it is.
OK, then, is it OK to have three people marry each other?
Uh, I would say not.
Why?
Because the point is simply a homosexual couple's right to get married in the same way as the heterosexual couple in America.
Would you allow slavery in some states but not others?
You know what we're dealing with --
And very quickly on pot, are you in favor of legalizing pot?
What the experts tell me, at least the ones I've talked to, it's really a gateway drug that may lead to more drug addiction.
-- have you ever inhaled?
RAHAM: No.
-- just to find out?
-- I don't -- I don't pretend to be normal.
Really?
No.
How abnormal are you?
At the end of the day, I -- I -- I want to be me.
What would you most like, politically, as a gift?
Obviously, I think all of us, and all Americans, a resolution of this issue of the fiscal cliff so that people can live next year with a sense of predictability, with a sense that they are going to have a growing economy, and, frankly, peace in the world.
And a place on this committee?
Oh, I -- I think it would be fun to do.
Senator Lieberman?
Christmas and Hanukah.
So, uh, what -- what would I really like from the president?
Yes.
Senator Graham?
Three things.
Where were you and what did you hear?
I was inside Macy's at the Lancolme counter which is close to the entrance of the mall area where the shooter was.
I mean, do most people who work in shopping malls now in America have some kind of training for this kind of thing?
No, they don't have training for shootings.
What is your view about this ongoing debate in America which I'm vociferous about, many people don't want it all about gun control and about the ability of people like the shooter to get their hands on a weapon of this power and magnitude?
Well, I feel like that, you know, there is not enough consequences in the United States and, you know, unfortunately, it starts from the home and the home is destructing.
What can you tell us about that?
I -- I mean, I saw the post that he was moving to Hawaii.
Have you any idea where he may have stolen the gun?
That -- I'm not aware of any of that.
Did he ever have any flare ups, any behavioral issues at all that would have suggested to you he could even be capable of this?
No.
Did he have any family issues that you were aware of?
Not that I'm aware of.
It's completely baffling to you?
It absolutely is.
Is the whole community just in deep shock about this?
Yes, you know, all of our friends just are trying to comprehend what he may have gone through or what could have happened that led him to do such a drastic thing.
Of his affiliation to guns at all?
LESHIRE: I mean, I have seen it on his Facebook.
What is your response to that particular argument?
My response to that would be that would not be a good idea to have everyone in that theater or even a few people in that theater with a gun.
I suppose my obvious question to you, Allan Gottlieb, is this, is why would anybody in America who is not in the military or the police force need to ever have one of these weapons?
Well, first of all, these aren't fully automatic weapons like you get in the military and many police departments have.
Well, James Holmes shot 17 people, didn't he?
It only shoots one round --
Can you stop talking?
If you want to get a good solution you've got to look at both sides of the equation.
Hey, can you stop talking?
If you want to have a debate, you've got to look at both sides.
-- that they should be allowed to continue to easily purchase or steal these weapons?
I don't think -- Piers, I don't think deranged people should be able to have a gun.
Why are you laughing?
Because you're not telling the truth.
Who do you encourage to be armed?
OTTLIEB: You should have the right to be -- you should have the right to be armed.
Doesn't that give you any alarm bell?
I'll tell you what -- I'll tell you what makes alarm bells to me is that until 2004, following the ban on these assault weapons, then there was a ban on these AR-15s and now there isn't.
Do you have any idea?
Yes.
How many?
But to be honest with you --
Well, why don't you look at both sides?
I'm going to give you both sides.
You do the same math that I'm doing?
Yes, OK.
Do you feel comfortable that that is easy to do in your country, Mr. Gottlieb?
It should be easy for law-abiding people, for people who are mentally -- mentally deranged or people who commit violent crimes know it shouldn't be and we need to work on that.
Explain to me why anyone in America should have one of these?
It is about this or a bomb or any weapon.
Are they evil children?
Of course not.
Then what do you do about this?
People choke on hot dogs.
That's why -- the question is why should anyone -- anyone have an assault weapon?
They exist.
Do you believe -- does the Second Amendment allow you to have a tank?
I think actually it does.
Are you comfortable with everybody having a tank?
I think that that is not the debate.
Is it something genuinely to be worried about, do you think?
I think it is always something to be worried about.
What is your reaction to this extraordinary proliferation in gun sales?
Well, it's surprising.
What is the answer?
Well, I personally believe that people have a right to protect themselves in their home, that they should be allowed to have a gun to protect them and their family.
Do you think we'll ever see human beings on the Moon again, in your lifetime, in my lifetime?
Well, you initially said ever, and ever is a long time.
Would you like to do that?
Well, I would.
It's a nice children's book Why did you decide to do this?
On my first space flight, we carried 18 mice on board for an experiment.
How's she doing?
She's doing very well, Piers.
Were you surprised in the end that she fell on her sword today?
Not at all.
You didn't believe it?
I didn't believe it because here you had an attack with rocket-propelled hand grenades, mortars, very well executed, very well prepared.
Don't you -- don't you exercise some intelligence about this?
ORGAN: Here's what she said.
What was her job that day, Rudy, to be fair?
Common sense.
But do you think she lied?
I don't know that.
Is that a fair criticism?
Also fair.
Would you therefore object to her becoming secretary of state personally?
Personally I don't believe she would serve the country well in that capacity.
Would I support it?
Yes.
Why?
I think our -- some people in our military are going to have a very hard time.
If you were President Obama then, who would you go for?
Well, what I'm saying is I'm not President Obama.
Are you looking at this as a pre-Christmas done deal, Rudy?
I think so, because it seems so obvious that you have to do it.
What is your view?
I agree there should be a sensible debate about it.
I didn't -- I didn't agree, I didn't agree that it necessarily should result in immediate gun control because I look at the murder that took place in Norway or in Finland where, what, 79 people were killed without a gun?
Norway.
Why not?
If he doesn't get the AR-15, he'll go get a handgun.
-- running a country with so many guns to try and make it harder?
There's no question about it.
How are you?
Let me start with you, Margaret Hoover.
Are they right to be pleased about this?
I don't know for them if it's as much personally about her or if it's about Benghazi.
That's not great for a progressive president like Barack Obama, is it?
Yes -- no.
What's it like to be Warren Buffett's son?
Well, first, I'm afraid you know more about me than I know, so that's my first concern.
How long was the period?
Three years.
I mean, did he ever even nearly succumb to the pressure?
Oh, no, it was a deal.
Was there a formal handshake, a contract?
Yes -- no, the handshake was it.
That's it?
Yes.
Has your dad always been a handshake man?
Absolutely.
Are you all like that?
Absolutely.
And you're all the same?
Absolutely.
What did work over the years?
Well, I think the things that have worked -- I'm not sure exactly specifically what you're after.
Would you be happy to pay more tax?
I don't think you have to pay more tax.
Final question, what on Earth do you buy Warren Buffett for Christmas?
Now you've put me on the spot.
Do you go small?
You go with any idea you have.
What did you get him last year?
Oh, my gosh.
I bet he's never happier, right?
No, he loves it.
How difficult has it been for you, Damien?
It was incredibly difficult.
What else?
I've actually gained 60 pounds in the past year that I was out, because now I have adequate nutrition and decent exercise, things like that.
And how do you think he's been coping?
First of all, it's amazing to have him out here with us.
What do you think have been the hardest things for Damien to deal with?
It's the little things, like going to the bank and filling out a deposit slip or going through security at the airport.
What was it that appealed to you from a documentary maker pointing of view?
Well, the story had so many twists and turns.
Of course the lottery turned out to be a shameful farce, didn't it?
And what you didn't hear was actually that that knife was actually thrown in the lake a year before the murders even happened.
When you hear that, given your knowledge and experience of Death Row, given what we now know about DNA and the way it's been exonerating many people on Death Row, what do you think of it?
It's absolutely nightmarish.
How many people did you meet or encounter on Death Row who you basically believe may have been innocent?
I would say in the time I was there, probably three others.
Would DNA evidence, had it been around when you were arrested, have cleared you from the start?
CHOLS: I don't know, because they wanted to convict us so badly.
What the significant of those?
It's sort of -- really what it comes down to, it helps me deal.
What are the ones on your knuckles?
These are runes.
How important to you and powerful to you has it been to have Lorri's unequivocal backing and support through all of this?
I could not have survived in prison or out of prison without her.
Where did you go?
He wanted to take me to the desert to see the wild flowers.
You turned down Marlon Brando?
Yeah, absolutely.
How did he take rejection?
It was fine.
What do we know about the person that perpetrated this hideous crime?
You know, it is so heart-breaking, Piers.
What can you do?
Well, obviously it's been a horrific day in the greater Danbury area and particularly the town of Newtown.
Did you know if there plans for more vigils tomorrow?
There are vigils scheduled throughout this community, Newtown, throughout weekend.
When was the first you heard about this and how did you hear?
I received a call from the school system from the superintendent saying that there was a shooting in Newtown, but didn't say it was a school, that the schools were on lockdown.
When you got there, obviously scenes of complete chaos, how quickly was it that you realized your daughter was safe?
OK.
Can you hear?
Not really.
Is this something you could have predicted he would one day flip and do something as monstrous as this?
I don't know if you can ever predict something like that would happen.
Was he sociable?
I always saw him alone when he was walking through the school or when he was sitting at the table, or sitting on the bus.
How would you describe his personality?
He was really quiet.
Did you know his family, his mother in particular?
I mean, I knew her because we lived in the neighborhood.
Were you aware of that having a big impact on him?
I don't know when they got divorced.
What was your immediate reaction when you discovered it was this person you knew?
It was devastating.
When was the last time you spoke to Adam Lanza?
Probably middle school.
What is the possible background to what is going on here?
You know, working on a lot of these cases, there a number of different causes that can be divided into two broad categories.
Are people like this as likely to carry out what they end up doing, these atrocities, if they didn't have easy access to firearms?
Look, there is no question that firearms play a role.
Where do you start with trying to counsel young children when this kind of appalling thing happens?
I think the first thing is helping the parents.
Why he would then, having killed his mother, go to the school and do what he did?
You know, I don't have a crystal ball and I haven't diagnosed or assessed him.
Frank?
I'd like to endorse that also.
What would you like to see in terms of specific gun control?
Well, there a number of pieces of legislation that we have been pushing for years.
Can I follow-through on the Australia thing?
ORGAN: No, I want you to answer this.
Allowing, therefore, a clearly deranged son to take them and commit this atrocity?
Whatever that gun looks like, it's a semiautomatic rifle.
It's time for change?
Right, it is time.
Time to do what?
To get rid of some of these gun laws that cause --
To get rid of the gun laws?
Look at what has happened, all these attacks this year have occurred where guns are banned.
What has that got to do with it?
You never let me explain.
Can I say something?
-- gun-free zone.
Is that right?
Well, I believe those of us who are licensed to carry, are responsible people, shouldn't be prohibited from carrying in schools or other places.
Why on Earth would you want more guns in schools after what happened today?
Here's why, Piers.
What were your feelings?
It's -- it's impossible to put words to what I really feel.
Do you wish after what happened to you and to Josh that tougher laws had been brought in after that to try and do something about this?
You know, I do.
What do you think?
You know, to be honest, it's heartbreaking.
What are your views about the debate that will now unfold on this?
I mean, I think the president said we need a meaningful action now.
What do you feel today?
I think in the wake of today, a referendum on guns is needed.
Senator, it's almost too much to bear, isn't it, listening?
Yes, it is.
What do you say to those who say, I have my Second Amendment rights, I'm entitled to bear arms, you are not entitled to take away that right by removing these kind of weapons from the streets and from the stores?
You -- there is no Second Amendment right to bear every type of weapon that you know of.
That this may be as some are hoping a tipping point for the American public opinion?
Yes, I hope so, Piers.
Are you proud of what you said?
It's just a fact.
Do you think this is a time to talk about guns being fun when 20 children aged 5 years old are being blown to pieces by a weapon that is freely available in this country?
Well, you need to ask the reporter, because he was the one that approached me with the particular questions.
Why does anybody in America who is not in the military or the police force need a semiautomatic weapon that can unleash hundreds of shots in a matter of a few minutes and slaughter innocent Americans?
We do understand it's not a machine gun.
Why you persist in wanting this to be freely available to Americans?
Well, automobiles kill more people on our streets than guns do, but we don't say we shouldn't have them because some maniac that's drunk ends up driving a car into a family and killing them.
You're quite happy with where things are?
Oh, absolutely.
Do you know?
Well, most of it is either suicides or criminal on criminal shootings.
Do you know that figure?
I don't because the FBI clumps it together with suicides.
You think -- so you believe this theory that if everyone in that movie theater was armed, they would have all stood up and shot him?
Not everyone.
How many do you want to be armed in that movie theater?
I believe somebody firing at him would have slowed him down or possibly stopped him, yes.
Really?
And they're highly trained -- yes.
How many suicides do they have?
Eleven to 12,000 murders from guns a year in America.
And you still don't care, do you?
Suicides are higher in Japan than they are in America.
But what should that something be?
I think it's a multitude of things, Piers.
Would you like to see a ban on both of those things, as Senator Feinstein is trying to push through?
Yes, I absolutely would.
How do you think the community is doing there?
They're very strong.
And as people are watching this and want to know how they can help, what is the best way for people outside of Newtown to contribute?
Well, to contribute I think for our country, because it's really about our country, if it's only Newtown that goes through these changes and tries to effect these things, that's one small part.
How you doing physically, first of all?
I'm slowly recovering.
What were your feelings when you heard about the scale of what had happened coming so soon after what happened to you?
Yes, I mean, I saw the initial reports like everyone did that maybe just the shooter had been killed.
You actually live literally 10 minutes away, don't you?
Yes, that's right.
What does this say about America that you're attacked in a movie theater by a young man with an AR-15 assault rifle and then 10 minutes away from where you live, an elementary school is shot up with a young man with exactly the same weapon?
I think it's certainly discouraging in some sense.
What did he say to you then, Dave, and what happened?
We were all gathered in Aurora, and we were sitting in the room, waiting for the president to arrive.
What do you say to the parents in Sandy Hook now who are trying to somehow deal with this?
We are behind them 100 percent.
What do you say to that?
I say to them it's not about their Second Amendment rights.
It was an AR-15?
It was an AR-15.
That's not the correct debate, it is?
No, actually, it's not.
He saw two students killed?
Correct.
She was shot dead?
She was shot dead.
Why are the Americans so reluctant to collectively rise up and demand action, do you think?
Because I think it really takes somebody in our position, once we've lost somebody, once we've known somebody who is injured and are -- they've got lasting post traumatic stress syndrome, to really see the effects and damages it causes, because it's unfortunately a very unique club.
If there is one thing you could say to people about guns, what would you say?
God, Piers, put me on the spot here.
How many are children?
Right.
How is your family coping with this?
Very privately.
What kind of girl was Olivia?
She was a warm -- she was outgoing.
What does this say about America that this is happening, do you think?
I think that this isn't only about America, I think this is part of the human condition.
Is it any comfort at all to the family, to Olivia's parents, Brian and Shannon, that the whole world is grieving with them and for them?
Yes, the Facebook page we put up -- they didn't ask for that.
What is your view about this debate?
I have to tell you, I don't consider myself an expert and I didn't think that that's the kind of thing that you want me on the show for.
ORGAN: You didn't have any place in civilian hands in America?
I have to say -- I'd have to say no.
Can you try and explain to me why you believe the answer to this is to arm teachers?
Well, the alternative is what we have seen, where people were reduced to waiting to be murdered, without able -- being able to do anything effective to protect themselves or the adults, to protect the children.
Why where the teachers put the guns?
People can carry firearms in a concealed fashion.
It is this, why do you believe, given that you have 300 million guns in circulation and the worst gun crime rate in any of the civilized countries of the world, that more guns is the answer to less gun murder?
Because the problem occurs, sir, in those areas precisely where we have said no guns.
From guns?
It's under three for 100,000 and in Fairfax County where Gun Owners of America is located --
What is your view?
I think we need to ban gun control laws that keep people from being able to protect themselves.
You're an unbelievably stupid man, aren't you?
It seems to me that you're morally obtuse.
It seems to me that facts don't bother you, do they, Mr. Morgan?
-- is the right for any -- Americans -- you would like to see --
How many -- how many guns did Mrs. Lanza have in her home?
I don't know how many she had.
And you would be quite happy if there are many more people in his position, in homes around America, where there are that number of firearms, which could be used by mentally unstable people?
Americans with firearms in their homes typically have them locked in a safe.
How can you say such a thing?
Let me finish my sentence.
Is that the solution to America's gun murder problems?
I would challenge you to go and tell the Korean merchants who survived the riots in Los Angeles, sorry, you had those firearms that saved your lives.
Can you answer my question?
I'm answering your question.
Well, the press tend to do that, don't they?
Stop being so facetious.
Post what happened at Sandy Hook, your answer to this problem of repeated use of this weapon with these high-capacity magazines is to continue letting Americans buy them with impunity, and to not concern yourself with these mass shootings, is that right?
The Second Amendment means what it says, and meanwhile, you want to continue laws against self-defense.
Carolyn McCarthy, when you hear this and you hear the way that debate is framed, what is your reaction?
Well, to be very honest with you, I'm very happy that you had him on, because I think America should see what we're up against and the lies that they take to the American people, and unfortunately, an awful lot of them believe that.
Or are other Americans going to rise up and say enough?
Well, I believe this terrible tragedy, taking the lives of 20 little people, the same age as my two youngest granddaughters, has affected America in such a deep way, that we're in a position to have, not just a discussion, but the action that I think is necessary to prevent a reoccurrence.
Or is it just going to be another statistic in the mass shooting catalog, which is getting worse and worse?
I think you're right.
How do you change the mentality that says really any American, as Mr. Pratt, believes -- the answer to any of these shootings is to arm everybody else with the same kind of weapons?
See, I don't think it's the American culture.
Where are those politicians?
They are around.
Could that happen?
Absolutely.
What was your experience like?
Well, two main things in my mind dominated the conversation.
From that what we know about his profile, what do you think has happened here?
Well, the common thread, going beyond what you talked about, is that there is a motive.
But did it surprise you that in that moment, even at his young age, that he was showing such enterprising courage?
That's what's said happened and that's what's going around, that the kids made or were attempting to make a run or to escape.
What is the answer?
Well, first of all, this is not as rare as people might think.
And is the president right to identify the solution to at least trying to deal with this as being the -- banning these type of assault weapons and the high-capacity magazine clips and also, as Mayor Booker says here, trying to register the ownership of guns in a more sensible manner?
I think the president recognized today in a very appropriate statement that we have to take a look at a variety of risk factors that have created this epidemic, this carnage.
What is your reaction?
My reaction is I -- first off, on behalf of the entire Michigan Coalition for Responsible Gun Owners, I want to express sincere sympathy to those who have lost loved ones.
As Christiane says, these belong -- not belong but they are found on the battlefields of Sarajevo, of Syria?
Well, my thinking on this is they are out there.
OK, and what happened after '97 to the murder rate in England?
After Dunblane, they put in these bans.
What is going to change this culture?
Piers, this is what's going to change it.
What is your belief about the claim that many people that, that if the teachers had been armed at Sandy Hook, that they could have averted the disaster, and that civilians should be armed for that reason, to protect themselves from mass killings like this?
Let me just very quickly say, I'm very sorry to all the parents who lost their children and to the other people who lost the adults in this massacre.
But as she said, people should be trained for these use, right?
Well, of course.
What law do you propose that would have stopped this?
Here's what I think: you have to try.
Why don't you tell me, Mr. Lott?
OK.
How many bullets can it fire in a second?
There's a reason --
How many bullets does the AR 15 fire a second?
The point --
Do you want to answer or not?
I'm going to answer your first question.
How many bullets does it fire a second?
The point is --
Can you answer the question or not?
You will lose lives.
Do you know?
I think your estimate is high.
If you were trying to debate this in a more rational way than I appear capable of, what would you do?
But I understand your passion, having stood on too many street corners, seen too many bodies, seen the kind of weapons we're pulling of the streets.
What do you think of this debate?
There are three points that I think need to be raised.
Do you want to see these assault rifles just gone?
You know, I think getting rid of the assault weapons, you know, it is not a perfect bill, but we will never be able to legislate against evil.
Are you aghast that it isn't a national thing?
I am.
What is your view?
I absolutely believe in banning those weapons.
What is your view?
My view is that all military style weapons should be banned, period, and Background checks for all.
But did it surprise you that in that moment, even at his young age, that he was showing such enterprising courage?
That's what's said happened and that's what's going around, that the kids made or were attempting to make a run or to escape.
What are your feelings towards the shooter himself?
My feelings towards the shooter is, it was a cowardly thing he did.
What is the most constructive, definitive thing that America's lawmakers can now do?
You know, there is no single, simple solution.
Are you really sensing, from your colleagues, that this is a tipping point?
I really am sensing that there is an openness and willingness on the part of a lot of people who never would have considered before to actually consider, for example, a ban on assault weapons which, as everybody knows, were designed for military use and right now even in the states that have them, like my state of Connecticut, and I know because I helped write the bill and then I personally defended it in court, in the trial, in the argument before state Supreme Court when it was challenged constitutionally.
Have you noticed this?
There's been an outpouring all across America of people wanting to help and to give.
Are you optimistic that there will be one before we all tumble over this cliff?
I am hopeful.
Mr. Keller, you agree with Rick Perry?
Yes, sir, I do.
And your idea is that all teachers would be armed?
ELLER: No, not at all.
Is that right?
That's correct, whether it be the weapons or the concealed carry class that I teach, either one.
Where would these teachers who are armed put the guns when they are in school?
I've thought about that a lot in the last couple of days.
Do you sell AR-15 rifles?
When we can get them.
What is your reaction to that?
ELLER: I'm just -- I'm against any banning of any weapons that we are today.
Are you aware of that?
I'm aware of that.
That would be your solution?
No, that's not the solution, sir.
You are aware that these weapons did unleash many, many, many bullets, are you, and killed many, many people?
My comment was that the person who is defending his place, whether it be a school or a theater, if they are trained properly, they can shoot one time and they take out the person who is spraying bullets.
This must have brought back particularly painful memories to you?
Yes, it certainly did.
But it wasn't political in anyway like the same way back in Britain, was it?
No, it wasn't.
What impact did the ban on handguns have in Britain?
Well, the level of gun crime in Britain is very low compared with the U.S. Gun crime has been falling in England every year for the last eight years.
What is your reaction to that?
I just do not understand the logic of that.
Is there any advice that you can give them, any words of comfort from somebody who's, quite literally, lived through what they've gone through?
I think one of the main strengths that those of us who lost children in Dunblane found was being brought together.
What do you say to that?
Well, I think when a thing like this happens, obviously all questions are on the table and deserve an answer, if you can get one.
"The Sopranos," much missed show, one of my favorites on television, when it came to an end, what were your honest feelings?
I was very happy.
Did you hope to have one?
Here's all I remember coherently, was that there's this Elvis Costello song "Radio, Radio," the lyrics of which are "I want to bite the hand that feeds me.
Why?
I was lucky.
Why now, quite late in your career, to plunge into the big screen?
I tried very hard.
Why did you want him?
I didn't -- I wasn't thinking about Jim originally for this, for the role of the father.
They're suggesting it's kind of autobiographical for you, that when you were young, you wanted to be a rock star?
I wanted to be a rock 'n' roll musician.
Didn't see yourself on stage, long hair, big guitar, strutting your stuff?
Yes.
Are you ever happy with your work?
I -- I am happy.
You were?
Yes.
Is that a compliment?
Yes, absolutely.
We have to as a nation examine our souls and say, how did we come to this?
It was really, I found, horrifying, because I watched the whole thing.
If you can't get angry over the cold-blooded murder of 20 school children age 6 and 7 years old, when the hell do you get angry?
That's problem.
What would you think?
Well, I don't know.
-- when your heard the address by Wayne LaPierre?
Yes, I think the NRA missed a huge opportunity.
Are you a member of the NRA yourself or?
I'm not.
What is your view about the specific campaign which I have been pursuing and the president is pursuing and others are pursuing which is not about banning guns, it's about banning assault weapons, getting the kind of weapons which can massacre school classrooms, these military-style machines, getting those off the streets?
Right, when you have such a tragedy like we did, it was such a dark day for this nation.
You think assault weapons should be banned or not?
That's a good question.
Please?
The particular assault weapon that massacred the children at the Sandy Hook School, was the same one used at the Oregon shopping mall mass shooting and in Aurora in the movie theater.
What I never hear back from anyone who defends them is what other purpose can they possibly have than mass slaughter?
Right.
What is your view about that?
I don't see how video games can contribute to violence in that manner, especially when most video games is emulate real life.
What is the answer?
First of all, this is not as rare as people might think.
What is going to change this culture?
Piers, this is what's going to change it.
But as she said, people should be trained for these use, right?
Well, of course.
What law do you propose that would have stopped this?
Here's what I think: you have to try.
Why don't you tell me, Mr. Lott?
OK.
How many bullets can it fire in a second?
There's a reason --
How many bullets does the AR 15 fire a second?
The point --
Do you want to answer or not?
I'm going to answer your first question.
How many bullets does it fire a second?
The point is --
Can you answer the question or not?
You will lose lives.
Do you know?
I think your estimate is high.
If you were trying to debate this in a more rational way than I appear capable of, what would you do?
But I understand your passion, having stood on too many street corners, seen too many bodies, seen the kind of weapons we're pulling of the streets.
What do you think of this debate?
There are three points that I think need to be raised.
Do you want to see these assault rifles just gone?
You know, I think getting rid of the assault weapons, you know, it is not a perfect bill, but we will never be able to legislate against evil.
What is your view?
I absolutely believe in banning those weapons.
You still take baths together in a huge bathtub with wine?
Yeah.
Well, what about that - where did you get that from?
My sources.
Did you wake up this morning and have a quick, you know?
I probably did.
What do you see your role as these days?
Well, I'm a woman who's interested in a lot of things.
Any response?
Yes, I like it.
But what do you think the secret of longevity in a marriage is?
Listening is one of them.
Where'd you get that from?
My sources.
How far do you feel America has now come since then?
Well, we've come pretty far.
Are you pleased that President Obama got reelected?
Yes, very much so.
Why?
I think he's a good man.
Do you sleep well?
I do.
How about you?
Probably not as well as you.
How are you doing this?
The bathtub is one of the ways.
What's that, honey?
My hair back.
It's great to be acting with those great actors, huh?
Oh, she is great.
So you're enjoying the acting still?
Oh, I love it.
Are you kidding?
You do.
So this book you've written, "Grace, God and Glory: My Leap of Faith" - has an amazing set of pictures, by the way, how has your life been since this extraordinary summer you had in my home city?
It's been a whirlwind, but I'm having so much fun.
What's been the best moment?
I would say going to the White House and meeting the president.
What were his first words to you?
Well, we had talked to him prior any of the Games, when we won team finals.
Did he say anything to you about -- about that part of this, that you also had achieved this extraordinary milestone?
Yes, I mean he was telling me that he was so proud of me, and, you know, all hard work pays off.
How much do you have to work out a day?
Every day.
I would imagine your routine is agonizing, right?
Some days.
Are you -- are you sure?
I used to be a top gymnast, actually.
Oh, really?
No, I lied.
-- what does it take to be a winner, winner, like a big winner?
It takes a lot, not only the talent, but you have to be consistent and you have to dedicate your heart into the sport, and you have to work very hard and give 100 percent.
And you've got some boys in your life, Gabrielle?
No.
I just want to go to a nightclub, meet a nice boy, give up gymnastics?
I don't think that -- I don't -- no, no.
So gymnastics is your real love, isn't it?
Yes.
Did you feel sad when you wrote it?
Yes, I mean just (INAUDIBLE).
Do you talk to him much?
No.
Is it non-existent?
It's pretty distant.
What do you -- why is this non-existent, do you think?
Well, first of all, I've been traveling everywhere.
Do you think he knows that?
I -- I think he knows that.
Is that right?
I love "The Vampire Diaries."
As good as winning gold?
Yeah.
How tall are you without those?
I'm five foot.
Are you spending all the money as fast as it's coming in?
No, I am like very frugal, so I save my money.
What's your big ambition now, Rio, presumably?
Yes.
Are you going to go there and kick butt and win more gold?
I hope so.
Who's your hero?
Well, my hero is definitely my mom.
And who's your sporting hero?
Dominique Dawes.
Why?
I really respect what he set for us.
How do you feel about that?
Well, I don't think about that.
You don't look in the mirror some mornings and think, I'm an icon?
No.
Do you ever get anyone have a go at you?
There's the old saying of, of all the people who don't like me, just think of the millions who've never heard of me.
When you finished the book, what did you think of your life?
Well, actually, it was a really easy book to write.
What do you -- what do you make of what's happened to you in those 80 years?
Well, it's kind of -- you can't think about all of that at once.
Are you a happy guy?
Oh, I'm very happy right now, yes.
Is this the happiest you've ever been?
This -- yes, as happy as I ever hope to be right now.
Did you ever meet him?
Yes, I did.
You went drinking together?
We had a drink together, yes.
ORGAN: (INAUDIBLE) Jack Daniels?
I didn't check the label.
But did you wake up this morning and have a quick, you know, a puff?
I probably did.
Do you take a lot of it now?
I think some people have more tolerance, you know, for smoking pot than others.
Yes, what do you make of that?
Oh, I think it's progress, and I think it's, you know, a great step forward, and people are finally growing up and looking around the room and checking things out.
Why not?
(INAUDIBLE) very well.
If you were consigned to a desert island and you could only listen to one song endlessly, on a permanent replay, what would you choose?
That would be really hard to say, because, you know, this is -- I've just recorded a song with Dolly Parton that I think is the best song that I ever -- she wrote it and...
Really?
-- I told her, I think this is the best song I've heard in a long time.
-- that could be a strategy that works?
Oh, I know it would work, because it would be better than the one we have, where there's still drugs available to anybody who wants them.
ORGAN: When you look at the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, what do you think about America's position in the world, its foreign policy in particular in the last 12 years or so?
Well, as you probably know and have read, I'm completely against war.
Do you see any chance of actual peace in the Middle East?
Well, if you believe in the Bible, which, of course, it says two things.
Were you -- were you pleased he got reelected?
Yes, I'm glad he got reelected.
You never voted for anybody?
Oh, I have voted, yes.
Did you -- did you this time?
No, I didn't.
Why not?
Well, I had all kinds of excuses.
You didn't feel passionately enough about either candidate?
I really felt like Obama was going to win, that he did -- he didn't really need one more vote, that he had already had it sewn up.
What do you make of the gun debate in America?
Well, you know, I've hunted all my life and (INAUDIBLE) when I was young, I had a bee-bee gun.
Are you proud of them?
Oh, very much, yes.
Do you think you've become a better husband?
Well, yes.
What have you learned about marriage?
Nothing.
And yet, although you say that, you also always stayed fond of your exes, am I right?
Oh, yes.
So if I were to ask you how many, of all the girls you've loved before, we would reach, how many would it be?
Well, you said properly and...
Well, how would you define properly?
ELSON: Well, that was not what I said.
How many times have you been in love in your life?
Oh, I don't know.
Is she the -- is she the real love of your life, would you say?
Well, for the moment, she is.
ELSON: Do I ever sing songs to her?
Yes.
You -- are you a romantic at heart?
Oh, 100 percent.
If I could let you relive a moment, what would you choose?
I don't know, that's a -- that's a difficult one.
What's the great light (ph) for you, personally, for whatever reason?
Every time I go do a show where I show up and they show up and they come and clap and pay good money to hear, you know, hear me sing songs, it doesn't get any better than that.
How do the people that supply the original content feel about you nicking their stuff?
Well, we are not substituting it, we still allow you to read the full story.
But where is the money?
So we're kind of just taking it out (ph) by the user response.
You think you guys just don't get it anymore, you should be doing XYZ?
I think the problem is with kind of the digital space is yes, the kind of publishers that have been around with print form for 50, 60, 70, 100 years, and now, I mean in the last five or six years, it's the mobile device has come into play.
What's your next great idea?
I was thinking about this.
You are going to be (INAUDIBLE)?
Yeah, very soon.
How are you going to deal with becoming stinking rich if that is what happens?
Well, that will be a great day, but I don't think -- look, to be honest, the thing at the moment I'm really focused on is just these users, you know, we have hundreds of thousands users rating it 5 stars in the app store.
What about school, Nicholas?
Yeah, I know.
Are you at school?
I'm on a sabbatical leave at the moment.
Realistically?
Realistically I think I can find a way of doing both.
You want to?
Yeah, I do.
Given that you created this world-beating app?
There is a lot of stuff beyond technology I want to do.
Who are you heroes in the tech game?
You know, Steve Jobs was actually the reason why I taught myself to program.
What has been the single biggest pinch-me moment you've had so far?
Probably when I visited Yoko Ono in the Dakota building.
Really?
'ALOISIO: Yeah.
She play "Imagine" for you while you were there?
No.
Did you say "Barbara"?
I said Barbra.
How did you even know to buy a sports jacket?
I took a class in it, yeah.
You also had a ball doing it, didn't you?
Oh, if you like -- yeah.
Do you hate all work, basically?
No.
What do you like doing?
I love -- I love making movies and I love recording.
You consider yourself to be primarily an actress who sings, right?
Uh-huh.
The dream was always to be an actress, to be a star?
Oh, yes.
You wanted to be a star?
I think when I was younger, I wanted to be a star, until I became a star, and then it's a lot of work.
Really?
I saw that parallel, yeah.
How much do you think it scarred you or did it just drive you?
I think it did scar me more than it drove me.
Have you been able to find out a lot about him and his character and his life?
Not really.
What did that make you feel?
That he was telling me something.
What was he telling you?
It was this message that, you know, no matter what, love is the answer.
Does the wider world know all of them?
You didn't ask how long it lasted.
How long does it need to last to qualify for proper love, do you think?
Oh, maybe seven.
But there is something that you recognize in someone's past, and it's -- it's a void, that you're recognizing, don't you think?
I think -- and I think you'd become -- I'm sure you are the same, but you are parentally curious, because you never knew this person, who yet despite that, was such a pivotal part of your life, clearly.
Or was there a sense always of jealousy that you were leading the kind of life, perhaps, she dreamt of herself?
She was a wonderful singer.
Did you feel that you had reconciled things with her?
Basically, yeah.
Do you remember?
It was something that she made a record of when she -- when I was 13 and she took me, but it was really because she made the record and then I was able to make the record when I was 13.
Do you think she was proud of you?
You know what it was, I used to say, ma, how come you never told me, "I love you", you never said those words or really hugged me.
How are you with your son?
Oh, I just -- I think everything he does is great.
Doesn't he have a gorgeous voice?
He does.
Have you never seen it?
No.
Really?
-- Redford that when he came in.
What would have happened?
It was just a very interesting story about through their daughter and her political activism at Berkeley in 1968 and the Democratic National Convention, which is very interesting.
I kept sending you articles, right?
You did.
Your man didn't?
No, no, no, I don't have a horse in the race.
My argument with you was I wondered whether Mitt Romney could be better for the American economy?
Oh, my God, no.
No, you know why?
You were having none of it.
Why have you been so consistent in support of Obama?
I can't even imagine thinking about what would happen to the Supreme Court if a Republican were the president, you know.
What does that tell you about the American people?
Because the people -- the people are getting smarter, they are going, I don't like this -- all this amount of money spent on this election.
Have you ever been in love with a Republican?
Never.
Could you ever be?
No.
Or I imagine one of them when he came out so vocally for gay rights, finally?
Absolutely.
What else has he done, are you saying?
Yeah, that you are particularly proud of.
That's so scary, isn't it?
I thought that pretty unsettling.
Some men, mostly women, right?
Yeah.
You feel that there is any form of real equality yet in America for women?
Well, we are one of the last countries to ever think of having a woman be president, but I think that's possible now.
Do you think Hillary is likely to run?
I don't know, but I hope after a four-year rest that she would run.
It is?
I want to know who you think the greatest movie star in the world is, ever.
Yeah, when you look at yourself?
I'm so objective when I look at myself.
Do you see a beautiful woman there?
Not particularly.
Have you ever looked in the mirror and thought you look beautiful?
From certain angles.
Which is your best angle?
Well, my left.
Why?
Because my eyes don't look as cross-eyed sometimes or my nose is better, my--
Have you resisted the sort of self-masticated plunge into plastic surgery that so many American female stars feel compelled to do?
I don't trust most people.
Who do you think?
Marlon Brando.
Really?
Oh, no question.
Do you doubt that?
No, I don't, actually.
Marlon Brando would?
He called me up once, and said, sing me a song.
And what did you have to sing?
I did.
What did you sing him?
I sang a song called "Nobody's Heart Belongs to Me."
What did he say at the end of it?
I don't remember that.
Where did you go?
He wanted to take me to the desert, to see the wild flowers.
You turned down Marlon Brando?
Yeah, I thought, yes.
How did he take rejection?
He was fine.
Really?
Yes, because it's just almost, I would say, musical perfection.
What do you feel when you see it?
I can't see what you see, I really can't.
And forgot the words to a few big songs, and it freaked you out so much, you did not perform again live for how long?
27 years.
Have you even been a terrible diva?
What the hell is a diva, I don't even know.
Have you ever been one?
No.
Have you ever screamed at people?
Oh, yes, I screamed at people.
Are you a perfectionist?
I am proud to say I am.
Are you a naturally person, or can you just completely relax if you want to?
I think more so now, I can relax.
You want to drive cross-country with me?
Yeah.
TREISAND: Don't you think I might get on your nerves a little bit?
No, it was just a thought, and if you don't want to do it, then fine, I don't want to push you.
Could you ever imagine doing a road trip with your son like that for a week?
Yeah, I could imagine going it with him.
Really?
Yeah, because we're just too similar.
Really?
Yes.
You know what that is?
Yes.
How did they go?
It actually brings us closer.
Are you?
Probably.
Did you think that?
Well, it's not conscious.
Do you ever look at it and think, yes, I've not done badly for a young girl from Brooklyn?
Every once in a while.
Did you like making that?
It's not a challenge, put it that way.
47?
I'm 47.
When you were a baby, you wanted to do an interview with me?
Yes!
What is the purpose of Christmas?
Well, you know, the angels in the story of the first Christmas said three things.
Really?
Yes.
And do you get people from all religions?
Oh, of course.
-- or a Jew or whoever it may be?
Well, we're an overtly Christian church.
But why do you think it's on the decline?
Well, I think there are three different factors.
Do you like the extraordinary position of responsibility you now have -- now have for yourself?
I don't say that I like it, but I try to use it.
-- is it healthy?
Well, no, it's not healthy.
And they then devote a large chunk of that to helping needy people, people less fortunate than themselves, does that balance it out?
ARREN: Well, the studies show, no, it doesn't.
Have you had big problems in that marriage, if you like?
Oh, absolutely.
Do people give up on marriage too early these days?
I think so.
They don't fight enough for it?
Well, and -- and the problem is, you're an imperfect person and you're going to marry an imperfect person.
How many times have you been properly in love?
OK.
Rick, how many times have you been properly in love in your life?
Well, probably in my teenage years, I fell in love every week.
-- it feels completely natural?
Oh, it's not only natural, it's euphoric.
What -- why can you not allow them to have that euphoria that you had, with all the rights that go with that kind of relationship?
Great question.
Can I pull that back?
Yes.
-- supporting and voting and making legal gay marriage?
Yes.
-- it is just wrong?
Well...
Or could you see a time when you may say, you know something, America has changed, I'm prepared to change?
I don't see that happening, because I have a world view based on scripture that remains unchanged.
What does being free mean?
No, no, nobody -- you can love anybody you want to in our freedom...
But what is freedom?
Yes.
Is that if -- if a mean -- a word means a certain thing, and it's not -- and it's not my word and all of a sudden I say, well, I'm that, is that fair?
You...
So you wouldn't have amended anything to the Constitution?
I'm -- I'm not sure what you're saying.
You think everything in the Bible is completely accurate?
I think the Bible is true; not everything in the Bible that is explained in the Bible does the Bible commend.
How do you try and change the fact that Christmas becomes this crystallization for many people of all that's terrible in their lives?
Right.
Really?
It is a tradition we call Birthday Party for Jesus.
Do you know how much you're worth?
No.
He's an impressive guy, isn't he?
He is.
How do you combine diet with prayer?
Well, it's funny how this thing started, Piers.
So what are the key things you have to do with this diet?
The number one thing -- you know, of course, diets are diets and health plans are health plans.
You drink alcohol?
No.
Never had (INAUDIBLE) nip, not even at Christmas?
Never have.
What would you say?
Well, the message of Christmas is that that babe in the manger didn't stay a babe in the manger.
Where are you going?
I'm interested in what happened.
What the hell are you doing?
It's an interview people are still talking about.
Why do you have such conflict with them?
I don't think I really do have any conflict with them in the sense that -- that that guy you're talking about, that photographer, I mean, I think the most important thing to remember is I did not punch the guy.
I would call them a tax, it's a tax on show business, isn't it?
You have a very different opinion than I do.
Really?
If I could press a button tomorrow and flush them all down some swirling sewer vortex, I would do it.
But you can never have any more publicity in any newspaper or magazine for anything you do?
Well, that's not really practical.
Any names?
Yes.
But who are the ones you look at and go, that's where I want to be?
Well, Russell Crowe is extremely prepared.
When you wanted to get into show business, was part of the allure of it being famous, if you're honest, when you look back to that time?
I'd have to say -- and this is true of a lot of comedians, and I've talked to other comedians and heard them say the same thing.
If you were running a news network, what would you do?
Well, first let me just back up a little bit and say, I don't have to live in the real world, I'm a fiction writer.
Well, you know the answer to that, don't you?
Go on.
Never?
No.
A bit awkward?
No.
Who is the biggest most romantic sexual singer you've ever deployed?
Holy cow.
Has to be, right?
Has to be.
Were you really trying?
You know what, I always like to make the guest feel like they're the star.
Yes?
You know, contrary to public perception.
You've already sold, what, 10 million albums?
Something like that.
What's the worst song you've ever written?
I don't even want to say it.
How?
And I -- because -- well, I can explain all that.
Literally?
Literally.
What is the song of all the songs that you've ever been involved with -- what is the one, if I said, right, Glen, you've got five minute to live, you can play one song to be remembered by, the defining song?
Well, you know, I have my favorite records.
What's your -- what's your number one?
I loved "One of These Nights."
And who of all the acts out there now, who's the one that excites you, the modern crowd?
Well, you know, I love Adele.
Can I touch it?
Yes, go ahead.
How does it feel?
ATSON: It feels nice.
How does it really feel to be Bubba Watson right now?
It's overwhelming.
That is genuinely why, isn't it?
Yes.
How do you feel now?
Well, I don't put myself in those situations.
When was the last time you hit a man?
I don't know.
Good shot?
Yes.
You're in the zone and you're winning, what do you experience?
Well, when you're out there, you have to take the winning -- winner's attitude, as I do, and I can't go out there thinking I'm feeling sorry because they're trying to win, too.
Not just any old champion, to be a great champion?
Well, it's just hard work.
Is it all of it, Usain?
It's everything.
Why?
If you want to show me the door, that's fine, too.
Do you remember the night that she died well, or is it now something you've blocked out of your head?
No, I remember it quite well.
Where are you going?
I'm interested in what happened.
What the hell are you doing?
Let me help you.
Now you want to know what happened that night?
-- on your story.
What?
I'm curious about --
Am I right so far?
So far.
No, but your questions are boring, because -- I mean, even what you just said, are you sure the people at Tibet give a (EXPLETIVE DELETED) about any of this?
I think you're here because you've written a book about your life.
Than the murder of your wife?
I didn't murder my wife.
Do you think there is a good chance you can get back together?
I cannot speak for Maria.
Was it more that?
I would say that it makes no difference.
How are you handling it?
The big white elephant in the room we can't avoid.
How do you feel about that?
Never.
Did you ever touch a beaver?
No.
What do you think?
Well, it's all of the above and a whole lot more.
Would she have ever gone down that route, do you think, without Bobby Brown in her life?
Well, if not him, somebody else.
Do you think she had that tendency anyway?
I think that we all as artists, because we're highly sensitive people.
How do you know that?
I know everything, Tyler.
Because you supplied the plane, didn't you?
I did.
Isn't that amazing?
Amazing.
What was the secret ingredient that he had?
He was a great generalist.
Have you read "Fifty Shades of Grey"?
I read the first seven chapters.
Was there anything in there you hadn't already done yourself?
No.
Really?
I know you probably imagined differently and have several nights during the week when you go to bed.
Are you?
You surprise me.
No manacles?
No.
Did you read the entire trilogy?
It's unreadable.
Why would you read that?
Just out of pure curiosity.
You didn't tell me then, though, did you?
No, I didn't.
How much weight have you lost?
Not much at all.
Hollywood smiley?
I got some free -- those things in a luxury lounge once, those -- I thought those made me gag.
What made you go on this vanity kick?
It wasn't a vanity kick.
Where would you be without that?
-- "The death of a fight-useless chubby loser with -- who never cleans his teeth and stinks.
What?
Cut that.
Have you ever thought you were going to be world famous for cross dressing?
No, never -- never in a million years.
Are you nervous?
A little bit.
He had been abused?
Oh, abused his entire life.
How did you find this out?
I found it out by asking questions, finally, of him, because I was talking to him --
So, he told you?
He told me a lot about it.
Is he still alive, your father?
Yes, he's still alive.
And what kind of relationship do you have with him?
We don't speak very much, but I am taking care of him.
You support him?
Absolutely, 100 percent.
Do you think despite the way that he -- he manhandled you and beat you and so on, did you feel that he loved you?
No, I never felt that.
Really?
-- so that was another thing I didn't know, which caused a lot of issues, as well.
Did you have that out with him?
I did, about four years ago, I asked, why.
Is he proud of you, for what you've achieved?
I think so, because he -- in any situation, he's in tears.
Is that guilt, do you think?
Listen, that's exactly what I thought very early on.
Has he ever said sorry?
No, he hasn't.
Would you like him to?
At this point, I don't know if it matters.
She -- it -- well, you mean of all the success?
Yes.
-- get her a red Jaguar?
I did.
What did she say to you?
Just -- she's speechless, just a thank you and the love.
How you doing?
The same as you come before me more than you go to the doctor, for a checkup.
Who you think you're talking to, old lady?
You don't know me.
Did you ever think, when you were young and you -- you thought of treading the boards that one day you'd be world famous for cross dressing?
Yes, never --
There are lots of other Madeas from every -- I've met a Jewish Madea, I've met an Italian Madea, you know?
It's about strong women.
Any comment?
No.
You feel uncomfortable talking about money?
I just try -- it drives me insane.
-- show off about it?
No, who wants to show -- it's not a -- it's certainly not about showing off.
What is the best thing about money, though, for you?
Again, the best thing which is -- which changed my entire life was being able to support my mother.
Why do you -- why do you feel awkward talking about this kind of thing?
Well, because it's -- I just feel that to whom much is given, much is required.
How have you avoided the pitfalls that go with superstar fame, big money and all the rest of it?
My faith.
And I say no, but it's a very particular pressure?
Sure.
Do you enjoy playing the action hero?
I actually did.
How did you do it?
Mostly I worked with the trainers, Anthony Goldstein (ph), a great guy.
Why?
Because there are --
Really?
Once, yes.
And what went wrong?
I think we were both very young.
It -- was it, in the end, your decision to walk away?
Yes, it was.
Do you regret that?
No, I don't.
You thought it was the right thing?
Yes, because we both were in a place where -- and I just realized I should not have said this, because --
Why shouldn't you have said it?
Because I said too much.
Why don't you ask another question?
It's a fascinating side to you, because you're being so nice about it and -- and so honest.
And what's the rush?
Yes.
But don't you want little Tylers running around?
Yes, I want that more than I want to be married, though.
Should we move on?
Yes, please.
Do you want have a glass of water?
No, it's all good.
-- were you thinking?
No, no, no, no, no.
Did you have any idea who she was?
To be honest with you, I did not.
You'd never heard of her?
I -- I had heard of her, but I didn't know all of -- that she had done.
How do you know that?
I know everything, Tyler.
You supplied the plane, didn't you?
I did.
Why not?
No, no, no.
The first black Bond?
No, no, I --
You reckon?
Will Smith should be the first black Bond.
Why should it be him?
Because -- because --
If you lose weight at the rate you're going, you'll be skinnier than Will Smith, no?
No, no, no.
-- to give you, what would you choose?
There is one moment I'll -- I'll -- and I'll probably regret it for my entire life.
How have you been?
I've been great.
-- for years, and it really dragged you down, didn't it?
It really did.
When times were really tough, when you were going through that hellish period, maybe doubting if you'd ever come back from it, what did you mother say to you?
She told me to remember who I am.
But do you ever stop and think wow, I'm still only 33 and yet I've had this 18-year career?
It's pretty unbelievable.
What's being a mother like?
Oh my God.
Or had she just got lost in the maelstrom of fame and abuse and all the rest of it?
One of the things that I can't -- I can't put my mind around is where she really was because, you know, at the end of her life, I wasn't there.
As somebody who still can, do you understand what that feeling must be like?
Oh, my God.
How did you hear it?
I was actually in the same hotel that she passed in.
At the Beverly Hilton?
Yes.
It hit you that bad?
It hit me -- it just hit me in ways I can't even explain.
Are you excited about having a new album out now, with everything that you've been through in the last 10 years?
I am.
When you sing, what do you feel?
I feel everything.
And how's your love life?
Oh, my love life is great.
Where did you meet?
We met at a studio, at a studio.
On this is the one you think?
I think so.
RANDY: That's it?
That's it.
Is there anything else you want to say?
Let me see --
Want to talk about world affairs?
No, we covered everything.
Jack, am I going to die here?
No.
These are baby tigers, right?
Yes, yes --
At what age can they kill a man?
Well, I'll tell you about another 20 months.
Why are you not remotely scared of them?
No, it's not a matter of -- you know, that's a good question.
But that tongue -- you see how is licking me?
Yes.
Really?
Like sand paper beyond you've ever seen.
How -- I mean, when they get to the full size -- how many of these are there left in the world?
Maybe 200 to 400, that's all.
What do you feed them with?
Well this is a special diet we have for the -- for the cats.
You heard that little growling there, right?
I did hear that little growling.
Now, we're going to bring on -- now, what is this?
All right.
Ten feet?
If they get down in the grass -- I have only seen these twice in the wild.
See the spots?
Jack, he wants to eat your hand.
How tame are these by comparison to a purely wild version?
No, right now, as far as tame, this animal won't become a tame animal.
OK, this is the vulture?
This is an Egyptian vulture.
You're actually feeding the vulture raw meat?
Oh, yes.
You smell that?
It stinks.
Tell me one good thing about the vulture?
Well, one good thing is, they keep the earth -
What's this?
Now, remember you do the story with me --
-- two months ago, right?
About alligators killing people, yes.
You want to go at that?
Wow.
What do you mean a nice one?
If you look there, they've got two eyelids.
How do you tell a nice alligator?
I don't mean nice.
Huh?
ANNA: They have two eyelids.
This could kill me, right?
Yes, but he's not going to right now.
How do you know?
I don't know that for sure, but I don't think he should.
He's going to show you -- if you have ever seen alligators -- down his throat?
No, I haven't lately.
You can see down the throat like most animals, right?
There's no throat.
What's his name?
Curly.
How old do they live to be?
Oh gosh!
I mean, would they attack if they're not challenged or scared?
Yes and no.
I'm not sure if the male's hot or -- what is it?
The male is hot.
Ever found human remains inside of Curly?
No.
You want to hold it?
I don't want to hold Curly.
What are you doing?
I'm demonstrating how the eyes are fixed on movement and how they don't want to hurt anyone.
Really?
This is -- yes, people don't realize it.
How many penguins are left in the world?
Quite a few.
What is your favorite animal?
My wife.
But if I could say look, Jack, you'll live the rest of your life on a desert island with one animal, what would it be?
You know, having raised animals all my life for 50- something years, I would say that you know, I'm fascinated by cats.
What would you have?
A one!
Quite something else, isn't it?
Well, it's a second-largest mammal in the world.
What's his name?
Jimmy.
They're both very slow on what it will do, right?
Yes.
He's magnificent, isn't he?
Yes, they really are.
What's this?
Put that one of there.
No wonder you get to hold -- how did you even pick the thing up?
I don't know.
Who would win if they had a fight?
Oh, this one here.
You know, these things can leave over 100 -- as a matter of fact what it was 200 years?
Two hundred.
No water, no food?
ANNA: No food, nothing.
He's heavy, right?
Yes.
How fast can they actually move if they really want to?
Well last night one was crawling around the hotel room, and he was like crossing room like a 10 second.
You have them in your hotel room?
You ain't seen nothing.
What?
Yes, we've got -- we've got --
Jack, are you slightly mad?
No but --
What is that?
Wait, let me finish the wallaby.
Who is this?
You do it.
What is this?
A laughing kookaburra from Australia.
Oh, really, doesn't that crack you up?
That's hilarious.
What is this?
This right here is a three-banded armadillo.
Did you say there'll be batteries in it?
That's a joke.
What is this?
A three-banded armadillo.
What do you mean you hope?
I'm just telling you.
How many are left in the world?
Well, some people say a thousand, some people -- I've heard 500 because they live in altitudes, as you know, way up there in the Himalayas.
Where there are so few of them, how do they find another one to mate with?
Well, that's just it.
Can they mix mate with other breeds?
No, no.
That was cool, wasn't it?
That was very cool.
He likes to operate in the cold, right?
Oh, the colder, the better for this cat.
So how does he deal with, you know, being in New York and what is a reasonably high temperature?
Well, we keep, we always keep him in air-conditioning wherever the cat goes.
Where do you keep him at night?
In the hotel room.
Are you serious?
I'm dead serious, yes.
Do you sleep?
Not much during the night.
Not at all?
This coat, the sad thing about this coat, Piers, on the black market, this coat right now, if you can even find one, a guy got caught in Europe last year, $80,000.
For this coat?
This coat right here.
See, that's a tragedy, isn't it?
Yes.
But you ever touch a beaver?
No.
Is it happy with that apple, or is he looking for something a little bit more meaty?
Oh, he wants more to eat, yes.
Do they eat meat?
No, no.
Can you smell him?
I can smell it.
Did he go to the bathroom?
No, it was me.
But a beaver like this nearly bit your finger off, right?
Yes, the whole thumb here, the whole thing, yes.
The worst injury you've had?
One of the worst yes, yes.
So -- do you have beavers in England?
I think so, yes.
What have we got here?
Now, what you have here is very rare.
Without ever drinking water?
Yes, because he's -- water can come from what he eats.
Both of these, right?
Yes, the mother died.
But, yes, when you say, cunning like a fox, you've heard that term, cunning like a fox?
Yes
The biggest owl in the world?
Yes, and if you are ever asked the question on a game show, again, you can give me half the money if you get this.
It's completely silent?
Silent flight.
Where do we stand now?
Right, the monster is still here, but there is a chance that the victory may be in Congress's hands.
Two miles?
Yes.
How would this kill (inaudible)?
All right.
Really?
So this animal has a tough time in nature.
The lion will kill the cheetah?
Yes.
And eat it?
Yes.
Can the lion kill anything basically?
King of the beasts, he can kill just about anything, maybe he'd be a tough time with the elephant.
So they prefer to be alone?
Yes, oh, yes, unless she has her cubs, which they will have in three to four years.
How can your trainers be so relaxed?
Well, because, these folks -- (inaudible) making sure.
Who would win?
Oh, this thing here.
Really?
Oh, it's just -- when we film, it's three cameras.
There's no faster animal in the world than this?
ANNA: Well, the peregrine falcon, the only one at 200 -- that's a bird, by the way.
What makes you think there will be a next time?
No, we won't.
And he's a very ugly animal, isn't he, Jack?
Yes, (inaudible).
How much milk do they drink a day?
(Inaudible) he's drinking a lot now.
You're going to catch him?
Yes.
What is this?
Yes.
Do your guys never get bitten or anything?
Well, yes, but then again, they raise the animals.
Have you ever touched a bear?
No.
Can you feel that?
Someone told me that.
Can you imagine that?
It's extraordinary.
But this animal here is also -- if you remember the SARS disease, you remember about 10 years in Asia, it killed people, SARS?
SARS, yes.
He runs flat on that?
Exactly.
Is he feeling that I'm hot, then, because (inaudible)?
Exactly.
What's that tongue doing?
That's what he's doing, he's feeling the warm particles coming off you with that tongue.
What does he want to do then?
Well, then he might want to --
What?
Well, just get something to eat.
How?
Well, just bit --
What does a lizard do?
Well, he just bites you.
-- Komodo dragon, right?
Yes.
See, how do nice cuddly little things like this survive in the wild?
Well, they -- a lot of them are obviously eaten by snakes and there are birds of prey or whatever it might.
What is it doing?
It's just a little dirt.
You sure?
Yes.
What?
No, (inaudible).
What's this?
Yes.
Where?
Keep his head over this way.
You've got an anaconda wrapped around your neck, are you mad?
The anaconda, they have about 200 teeth that are shaped like fish hooks.
Piers?
Not now, Jack.
But what is he doing right now?
He's smelling you right now.
What does that mean?
Just feels your heat.
Before a kill or what?
No, but what he does, Piers, hey, remember something, this snake here gets to be almost 25 to 30 feet long in the -- he's a water snake.
Why is it around your neck?
Because he can't kill me and he knows that.
Why?
He's just too big.
(Inaudible) it knows he can't kill him?
Yes, this animal knows that this -- this is an animal.
They will do what comes naturally?
It's (inaudible).
You know what, Jack?
Well, we may never be back.
Dana, I take it they started the actual debate, the vote could be fairly soon?
Well, they have started the debate on the procedural issues, but I just actually am getting an e-mail right now saying that the final vote, it doesn't look like it will happen until much later, until some time between 11:15 and 11:45 Eastern.
If the majority is not there of the Republicans who are the majority in the House, he's not going to bring it up for a vote, or are they discarding that given this current crisis?
He's never been officially wedded to that majority of the majority idea.
So there's a possibility that he might actually go before cameras and make a statement assuming it passes the House?
They're not saying that, but he is -- he is here in the building, and this would be a victory.
I take it there's no full lid, as they say, over in the West Wing at the White House, meaning that there's still a possibility that the TV crew are still there?
They are still there.
Congresswoman, you're going to vote which way for this Senate bill?
Hi, Wolf.
Are you going to vote in favor of the Senate bill or are you going to vote against it?
I'm a very reluctant yes, Wolf, because under these circumstances which exist, this last-minute situation exists because the folks just back behind me in the Senate chamber, Senator Reid, could not get the Senate to act on any of the great bills for the American people we sent before, this is the best we can do given the Senate and the White House sentiment at this point in time.
Is that a correct assumption?
I think that's probably a valid assumption, Wolf.
And so you assume like I do that it will pass the House of Representatives, a bipartisan majority, more than 217 votes and it will go to the president for his signature perhaps as early as tomorrow?
That's what I anticipate, Wolf, and I certainly will be glad to get this particular issue settled and now it's on to tackling that hideous problem that we have and we owe it to the American people to do everything we can.
LITZER: How many Democrats -- how many Democrats do you think will vote in favor of this Senate-passed version?
Well, I think it's hard to say.
Do you have any doubt that this legislation will be passed tonight?
Well, I'm pretty confident that the legislation is going to pass, what I'm hopeful is, really, actually anyone watching this, Wolf, should have just taken out some stock in Dramamine because the rollercoaster ride that has resulted from us getting to this process really has been unfortunate and unnecessary but we're here.
What do you say to those colleagues of yours who don't like this deal?
Well, I'm a progressive.
But you agree, Grover, with Debbie Wasserman Schultz, if you were a member of the House or the Senate, you'd be voting for this legislation as well?
Yes.
But -- I just want to make sure -- I just want to point out, Grover Norquist, though, having said all that and everything you said, you are giving cover to those Republicans who will vote in favor of the Senate legislation in the next hour or two?
They're not -- they're not voting for a tax increase, they're voting to save tax cuts for as many people as they can over Obama's objections.
Yes, I assume you're in favor of this Senate-passed language?
Oh, I'm going to vote for it.
Is that the number you're hearing?
Well, I'm interested in seeing how many votes the Republicans are going to provide.
You say children, you're talking about the Speaker of the House and the Majority Leader?
I'm talking about Tea Party Republicans who continue to throw temper tantrums and delay this and refuse to move forward in the spirit of compromise.
You think the Republican leadership, the speaker, the majority leader, some of the other leaders, they're all on the same page or are they fighting amongst themselves?
Oh, I think a good part of this has had nothing to do with an economic strategy.
Were you surprised the president was willing to go up to $450,000 from $250,000, which he had spoken of for months and months and months during the campaign?
Well, I wasn't completely surprised because there are a lot of Democrats particularly in the Senate, particularly representing wealthy states like New York, Chuck Schumer, for example, who always kind of wanted that threshold to go up a bit.
God deal or bad deal?
Well, I guess it depends on for who.
Who is the big political winner tonight, Ben?
I think President Obama played a much stronger hand and won with it in this sort of shoving match over -- particularly forcing Republicans to go ahead and raise taxes on the rich.
Assuming it passes, Ben Smith, what do you think the future for John Boehner, the speaker, is?
I think he was just overheard on the floor of the House calling tonight a nightmare for him.
Around 11:00, 11:15, that's when roll call will take place?
We just got a little bit of good news that it might happen in the 10:00 hour, a little bit earlier.
When you heard about that what went through your mind immediately, Speaker?
I was stunned.
Are you satisfied with the assurances that Congressman King got?
You know, look, I have a lot of respect for Congress member King.
So -- why do you think -- why is it happening like this right now, taking so long?
You know, I don't really know why it's happening so long.
You want him to remain as speaker of the House?
You know, look, I'm a Democrat.
It's been, what, a little bit more than two months?
Yes, it has.
What would you tell your congressional leaders if they were watching you right now?
.
What are you hearing about her condition?
I'm hearing just what you heard, which is that she's recovering and it's on track to be a complete recovery.
Is that still her intention, do you think?
I think all plans are as they were.
What was your opinion?
Well, anybody who knows Hillary Clinton knows she would much rather have been at the Senate, at the -- on the appointed day at the appointed time answering questions, and she did take responsibility because she knows what her role is and she knows what she should do and she does it on a daily basis.
This illness that we all hope she recovers completely, makes a full and speedy recovery, are you going to be with her if she runs for president again in 2016?
I will always support what contribution it is that Hillary Clinton believes that she can make and that will be her decision when the time comes.
You agree with me?
I don't think she knows what she wants to do.
Should -- should he be commended for putting his people's needs really ahead of party politics, if you will?
Sure he should.
Why?
It's become a hot political issue because even for folks who believe that the government is doing too many things that ought to be left to individuals and the private- sector when it comes to things like taking care of people who have been hit by a disaster, taking care of people in emergency situations, that's something that I think everybody ought to be able to agree on.
Do you think that reassurance is justified?
I'm not entirely sure.
What did you think?
Well, I wasn't -- I wasn't aware of the rumblings that this was going to happen, but you know, you have to look at Al Jazeera.
What do you think about all this, Margaret?
Well, I -- this is an explosion of far left wing network financially.
Are we going to be hearing all these details now for weeks and weeks and months and months?
You would come to me first, Wolf.
Leigh, you have any final thoughts in this?
Well, you know, this is going to be a major, major Twitter moment because Kim Kardashian is -- I mean, I don't know the numbers but she's one of the top people on Twitter.
Hey, Wolf, do you follow Kim Kardashian?
You know, I got to go check.
How stunned were you?
I was pretty surprised.
So do you believe he did the right thing by resigning?
Well, you know, here's the thing that people don't realize.
Even if you're retired?
Well, you know, there's an old saying -- generals retire only when they go to bed at night.
Do you think the president should have accepted that resignation?
Well, I think he -- you know, the CIA is kind of a weird place when it comes to moral stands, too.
Will this have been worthwhile for the United States?
Well, that's a very good question.
How did you keep it a secret?
It was -- it was very difficult to keep that a secret from them.
Miriam, how did you feel when you realized that that was your husband?
I was just so excited and overwhelmed to see him.
What's your wish, Sergeant, for other military families right now who are away from their loved ones?
The only thing I can even say is -- Natural Balanced Pet Foods and, you know, Army Public Affairs Office, they had done such a great job here.
Do you trust Ahmadinejad?
Not on this I don't.
What if Mitt Romney isn't the best person?
The idea that somehow making a business profitable is different than helping people is really a foreign idea.
Do you think homosexuality is a sin?
IRK CAMERON, ACTOR: I think that it's -- it's -- it's unnatural.
Have you ever seen anything like this in your lifetime?
No, I haven't.
Where do you think we are with this?
Well, let me tell you what's not vague, and that is five days after, five days after the what was very quickly determined by the intelligence committee as a terrorist attack, they trotted out our ambassador to the U.N. to every major news outlet saying that this was a spontaneous demonstration because of a hateful video.
Are you in favor of that?
No.
And isn't it time now for you to accept that this negativity has pounded you into a position where much as you would like to keep it positive, isn't it time you got the old Gingrich fist out and gave Romney a good old smack?
Harry Truman in his great reelection campaign when he was so far behind that Gallup quit taking polls in mid-September, went after Dewey, and the crowd would yell out give'em hell, Harry.
Because if Mitt Romney now wins the nomination, haven't you just landed Barack Obama a perfect stick to beat him with?
Well, there is a real difference between a venture capitalist and a vulture capitalist.
Is he a liar then?
Well, this goes to the snob, snobbish issue, which is so he clearly did not tell the truth, that you don't necessarily go and accuse the person of -- of a person on a personal level.
Were you disappointed that there is not a bona fide a Tea Party candidate left in the race?
I am very happy to get behind any of these candidates because I want to have a unifying voice.
Would that be a misreading?
I like Rick Santorum a lot, but I like Mitt Romney, I like Newt Gingrich, I like Ron Paul.
Who do you most agree with?
I think -- I think my opinions were fairly forthright throughout the debate and I felt quite honestly I was the perfect candidate for America.
If you're so vehemently in the vanguard against ObamaCare, presumably Mitt Romney is the least of the four candidates that you would personally endorse, right?
Well....
What if Mitt Romney isn't the best person?
People have tried to portray you as a kind of ruthless money machine who some failed, some succeeded, you didn't care.
To me the key question is do you know instinctively from your recollections how many of those companies that you went into would have failed anyway if you hadn't?
Well, there's no question but that a number of places where we went in and invested we were investing in an enterprise that was in trouble, that where the future was very much in doubt for it.
How funny is that?
It's actually the vice president landing.
How funny is that?
So let's keep the camera rolling, actually, because this interview has just been interrupted by Vice President Biden coming over our heads and wrecking his wife's interview.
Do you trust him?
LINTON: -- is they don't have a tenable position.
Do you trust Ahmadinejad?
Not on this I don't.
What do you think?
Well, I think he will be getting a certain amount of heat from some people because there's no doubt the sanctions are having a big effect.
Do you still think it would have been a terrible error to do that?
I do.
What is your view?
I think we need to ban gun control laws that keep people from being able to protect themselves.
You're an unbelievably stupid man, aren't you?
It seems to me that you're morally obtuse.
Jamie, did you think that you were going to get out alive, or did you fear that everyone was going to die in there?
No, my thought was this is how it ends, this is -- this is how I die, this can't be the way I die, this can't be the way my son dies.
Why do so many Americans not feel angry enough to demand further gun control?
Well, I would take it one step further.
If we reversed this situation, and it was your brother who had been gunned down in exactly the same set of circumstances, and the worst that had happened, as far as his behavior, was that he had been followed, and he'd got into an altercation and he was unarmed -- he just had a bag of Skittles on him -- and a guy who was much older, who followed him in the street, pulled out a gun and shot him dead, would you not at the very least, if you're honest and candid about this, would you not have expected that person to at least be arrested, to at least perhaps face some kind of trial, where the full evidence could come out?
Well -- well, in -- you know, I take -- I take pause to that whole, you know, conjecture, again, of pulled out a gun and shot him.
He did pull out a gun and shoot him, right?
Well, he stopped someone from disarming him and shooting him.
But he had the gun on him, right?
He had a permit to carry that gun.
But where was the gun?
The gun, I believe, was in his -- inside, tucked inside his pant waist...
So he has pulled it out, and he has fired it?
Well, he has taken control of his firearm.
What can you really do about it?
I'm not sure what can be done about it exactly.
How did you feel when you heard the news?
You know, it is a little bittersweet.
Do you think homosexuality is a sin?
I think that it's -- it's unnatural.
What do you do if one of your six kids says, "Dad, bad news, I'm gay"?
I'd sit down and I'd have a heart to heart with him, just like you would with your kids.
What would you say?
Well, I wouldn't say, "That's great, son, as long as you're happy."
Did you have wake up this morning and have a quick, you know?
I probably did, I probably did, if I -- if I remember.
Do you take a lot of it?
I think some people have more tolerance, you know, for smoking pot than others, and I know people who can take one hit and just go to sleep completely and other guys that can smoke a lot.
You and Snoop go to Amsterdam, the Mecca of dope, really, and you both have a load of it and then write some music together?
Now we can go to Colorado.
Do you think the world is a more peaceful place now than it was when you first became Dalai Lama?
Oh, yes.
How do you convince them to take your lead?
Well, I think there's hope.
What was your feeling today as you sat in the courtroom watching the events?
It was definitely very sad.
When you saw the shooter up close, as you did today, did it shock you even more that he was able to arm himself in the horrifying manner that he did?
Yes.
Why do you want to deport me?
Well, we did it as a way to bring attention to the fact that we have all of these foreigners and the Russian government, the official Chinese government, now said political power goes out the barrel of a gun.
Are you finished?
Yes, I am finished.
Do you know?
There were about 11,458, and about 70 percent of those were gang related.
How many gun murders were there in Britain last year?
How many great white sharks --
kill people every year but they're scared to swim?
Right.
How many gun murders were there in Britain?
A very low amount.
How many, do you know?
That was only a few hundred.
How many gun murders?
I actually -- actually brought statistics.
Why don't you go back and face the charges with the hacking scandal?
Answer this question.
Why did you get fired from "The Daily Mirror" for putting that fag stories?
How --
You know the answer?
No, I don't.
Do you understand the difference in 11,000 and 35?
Yes, England wants to ban knives now because tens of thousands are getting stabbed.
Do you understand the difference?
Do you understand --
-- and 11,000?
They know your script.
Let me ask you one question, which weapon was predominantly used in the Aurora movie theater shooting?
ONES: An M-4 AR-15 variant.
Do you know that?
Now I believe that there were others --
Do you know which weapon was used in the Oregon shopping mall mass shooting recently?
I understand that people who were mentally ill on all the --
Do you know what the weapon used was?
Listen.
OK?
Yes.
Do you have a body guard?
Alex.
Why do you have body guards?
I don't have a body guard.
Let me ask you this question?
Why does Dianne Feinstein --
-- to try and take Mr. And Mrs. America's guns?
Don't be (INAUDIBLE) over me.
What was the weapon used at Sandy Hook?
I have already gone over that.
What was the weapon?
It's a 223 M-4.
Why is the government (INAUDIBLE) against this?
Why -- Alex. I don't --
What about "Fast and Furious"?
Alex.
Why did our government ship guns to Mexico?
Calm down.
To blame the Second Amendment?
Let's have a debate.
A false flag?
Alex, I get accused --
To blame the Second Amendment?
I get accused --
Why they blow up buildings down the street here in New York?
Alex. Alex. I get accused when I get you guys on of talking over you, of being rude.
All right?
Yes.
Alex, why do people need them?
Go commit suicide by killing a bunch of kids and here's the gun to use --
Why do people need them?
They need them to protect us from the number one killer in history.
-- therefore have an AR-15 if they want one?
Statistically, where there's mo more guns, there's lower crime.
Is they're half your sponsors?
Stick to the topic.
Who do you believe was behind 9/11?
I absolutely know.
Yes, but who do you believe was behind it?
I have the proof.
Who, Alex?
They announced they blew up the towers on CBS Radio.
The American government?
Criminal elements of the military and industrial complex, the same ones that staged (INAUDIBLE), the same ones that staged operation --
Alex. Alex. Do you mean that President Bush and his administration were behind 9/11?
I mean that even mainstream news reported that the hijackers were ordered to be allowed into the United States.
But is that what you believe?
The government -- Hitler fired bombs and turned rash tag, Piers.
How many guns do you own?
I probably own more than 50 firearms.
What is brave about wanting to stop 20 more children getting murders?
I don't think you're right about that.
Why not?
ERSHOWITZ: Because we think it's their issue.
How are you doing, Piers?
Explain to me why you believe that the answer to these gun massacres is to have a lot more guns.
Why are on Earth do you think these patrolmen, as you put it, who you have taken of the streets and given a bit of training to, could do any better?
We don't pick them off the streets.
What about this old quaint idea, what about taking guns off the streets rather than flooding the streets with more guns?
Well, I don't know.
What did you feel?
It was disheartening, I think, you know, I think just to see the anger there.
Really?
During the aftermath of Obamacare, when there were -- the president was being held in effigy and these kinds of threatening comments of people like the man you just had on were blocking members of Congress from being able to go and vote, you may recall, of that.
Are you surprised that following the assassinations of John F. Kennedy and of Bobby Kennedy that we are in a position in America now where these kind of lawless mass shootings are happening with regularity and no one is doing much about it?
ENNEDY: Well, as I said, I think that the lack of discourse -- so that that is really what's offensive in our country, where we should be able to debate our problems without impugning the integrity of the people who have positions.
How many gun murders were there in Britain?
How many great white sharks --
What was your overall reaction to that extraordinary exchange with Alex Jones last night?
Well, I mean, as somebody who favors more gun control, I really hope that Alex Jones does more TV, because, you know, look, you've been quite articulate in making the case for gun control.
-- that he raised about the actual argument?
Let me -- he made one substantial -- they've made two substantial arguments.
What did you make of what Alex Jones' performance was like and what does it tell you about that kind of gun rights on the rather extreme side of the gun rights lobby?
Well, to me it was really a fairly typical performance for Alex Jones.
Is it going to be successful?
I fear that it is not going to be very successful.
So why can't we begin to have the same kind of public health approach, not to ban guns, but to make them a little bit safer in American homes?
And harder to get, the more extreme variety of weapon, for those who may be disturbed.
What was your reaction to that as somebody who lost a loved one in the Aurora massacre?
Initially, I was infuriated and disturbed by his reaction.
Do you believe that there is now momentum to get real action or not?
I'm cautiously optimistic.
What's the difference?
The car is not specifically mentioned in the Bill of Rights.
Why would you want to give one of these killing machines to one of your children, anyway?
First off, we don't own M-4s or M-16s.
So your answer is that everybody in a movie theater would be armed with an AR-15?
No, that's not what I said.
Where does that lead America to other than utter Wild West hell?
All right.
Do you believe that Sandy Hook represents any kind of tipping point in favor of new gun legislation?
No, I think America is a country that revels in violence, that was born in violence, that loves the image of the frontiersman and the cowboy and having guns.
How do we try to move forward to a point of some consensus, where the gun lobby are persuaded that these AR-15 type, military-type machine guns, what they really are, are actually not part of this debate in any sane way?
Well, I think, Piers, that it begins with a discussion in the court of public opinion.
Do you hold out any hope that if it does go to Congress, they'll pass anything involving gun control legislation?
I do want to point out, based on the conversation last night, that it's not even worth mentioning this guy's name.
Because they just want to be re-elected at the end of the day, right?
But Buzz Bissinger, this is all well and good.
What do you make of that?
Well, I feel that they are afraid.
Why does anyone need multiple rounds?
No one needs any of that stuff.
First of all, how is your client?
Thank you for asking, Piers.
Does she really know what happened to her?
Well, that's the case.
If not, are there witnesses you think who will be able to?
ITZSIMMONS: Well, there were already other witnesses that testified at the preliminary.
How do you defend him?
Quite simply.
Does your client accept that he behaved badly on the night, just generally?
He is 16 years old.
Do you believe that there is sufficient doubt about your client's involvement in the sexual aspect of this case, that he will be acquitted?
Look, I'm not here to do what social media is doing, OK.
Why did you agree to come back?
Well, I thought maybe we could help you sell some more newspapers.
More newspapers?
Increase your viewership.
You're aware of that?
I'm sorry, yes, of course.
If you're at the meeting with the Vice President Biden tomorrow, with the NRA and Wal-Mart and others, what would you be saying?
RATT: That the discussion has not been going anywhere that we can tell in a productive way.
Right, so your solution if you were there in that meeting would be to arm every school, every church, every hospital, everywhere that members of the public can be?
You certainly would want to encourage people who are qualified to carry concealed firearm to be able to do so in a school zone.
So why on earth would the fact that it's a gun free zone make any difference to them?
They're looking for -- it would seem in their sick minds to see if they can out-do the Virginia Tech slaughter, or some other thing that might be in their perverted minds.
So why should we give them a neon sign that says well, see if you can do better than the last guy over here?
But you know there were armed people at Virginia Tech.
My point to you, Mr. Pratt, is that even where you have a mass of well trained people and a mass of firearms you can still have massacres, you'd accept that?
Especially if you're telling the potential victim you can't be armed.
Do you know of those 62 mass shootings how many times a civilian has actually taken out the shooter?
It is probably not that many because we make it so hard for people to be able to defend themselves.
Why do you know more about the impact and capability of the assault weapon than General McChrystal?
While the general was busy defending the country much of the time outside of the country, understandably he may not have noticed the Korean merchants who used an -- not one, but many AR-15 rifles with large magazines to defend themselves --
When was that, Mr. Pratt?
-- against the mobs -- during the Los Angeles riots.
When was that?
That was some, what, 20 years ago.
Did you know how long ago that was, Mr. Pratt?
We're able -- let me finish my point if you would.
Why do you feel so strongly that civilians, despite what we just heard from a leading general, should still be able to have access to these killing machines?
Well, because the general and his troops are not going to be there to protect the average American, the military nor the police after social order implodes, after a hurricane, after an earthquake, during riots.
Why do you still persist in trying to persuade Americans that the complete opposite is true?
Well, first of all, according to you investigature (ph) of the constabulary, the data that you're using for the murder rate in England is a sham.
That's what you're saying?
That's exactly what your own Constabulary is saying.
Mr. Pratt, you are stating -- you are telling me on CNN we had how many gun murders last year?
Nine hundred seventy and you have a violent crime rate that is the fourth highest in any country in the world.
What did you make of Mr. Jones' performance on the interview?
Well, it seemed that you had improved your demeanor quite a bit from my own experience with you and I congratulate you for maintaining it during that whole interview.
Do you believe that?
That's what our founders believed.
How many guns do you want in America, Mr. Pratt?
That's not for me to decide.
Do you think every American should have an AR-15?
Every American should be able to get an AR-15.
What are you going to do if President Obama wins his battle and brings in new stricter gun control legislation?
Well, he's not going to do it by legislative, in my opinion.
You're likening President Obama to George III?
Well, he -- President Obama hasn't banned the importation of ball and powder yet, which George III did, but that was one of the major contributory elements to our war-free independence.
Where' the humanity in doing nothing after these massacres?
The humanity was being able to do nothing during the massacre.
And you'd be happy with that if every school suddenly have people running around with guns, right?
You're a good guesser, yes, sir.
Where are they going to put them?
Well, when people carry a concealed firearm one doesn't exactly know for sure and the element of surprise remains with the person carry and conceal, which means that somebody contemplating doing something horrible doesn't know which person or persons might be able to arrest him, to stop him, and that's why our jurisdictions that have easy access to conceal carry firearms enjoy lower murder rates than, say, the gun control Mecca of Chicago which does better than one murder a day.
So I'm going to give you one more chance before we finish to say again how many gun murders you believed were in England and Wales in 2011?
More important than the number of murders and it doesn't how a murder is committed, so I'm not going to really care about --
Can you repeat the number of gun murders that you said earlier?
The data we have seen was 970.
What did you think?
I definitely think, Piers, that more guns are not the answer, because that puts that many more guns in the hands of people who have mental illness.
When you hear somebody like Larry Pratt being so adamant, the only way to ever deal with this is to plunge ever more guns into circulation, what is your reaction to that?
I struggle with it.
When you hear this argument all the time that it all comes down to a right to bear arms under the Second Amendment of the United States Constitution, what do you think of that argument?
Well, seeing as it is -- this will be my 4th time with gun violence, in just the short, you know, couple year period, it is -- I don't know how to put it.
Have you heard any good argument?
Absolutely not.
Where do you think this all washes up?
Well, that's a great question.
What's a dangerous and unusual weapon?
I would argue an AR 15 that can unload 100 bullets in a minute is a dangerous weapon under that --
Is that true or anything like that?
Well, Jefferson was actually coming back from Paris when the Bill of Rights was introduced and adopted by the House.
Arianna, where were you when you heard or saw the Alex Jones interview?
Well actually, I was here.
How stressful is all of this for you, Piers?
Well, not that stressful, because the president today has made it clear in an official statement that I am staying.
What do you make of this persistent claim from the NRA and the gun rights lobbyists that more guns means a safer America?
Well it is, of course, an insane claim.
What do we actually know about what happened here?
We're learning, actually, a little bit more.
Do we think he had a very specific set of targets or was he stopped from being more indiscriminate?
Very specific targets.
And did they have any armed security at the school?
This is a very interesting point.
What did you think when you heard another school shooting today?
Well, you know, just like you, Piers, I often think about what happened to Gabby.
What is your reaction to that?
You know, I was optimistic that after today's meeting in the White House that there would be, you know, some statement that they could find some common ground.
So your solution if you were there in that meeting would be to arm every school, every church, every hospital, everywhere that members of the public could be?
You certainly would want to encourage people who are qualified to carry a concealed firearm to be able to do so in a school zone.
You know, how many -- I mean, where does it -- where does it end?
Also, I mean, if you go back to what happened to Gabby on that day, there was somebody legally armed, a 24-year-old man, and he didn't actually in the end tackle Jared Loughner.
I mean, is that helpful in that situation?
Well, there was a man in a Walgreens next to the Safeway that came out when he heard the shooting, pulled out his firearm, and nearly shot the man who was involved in taking down the gunman.
What do you think of people in that position?
Well, certainly, there are a lot of options.
What is your message to the NRA?
Well, you know, I'd like to be able to sit down with the NRA at some point and talk to them about this.
So why am I off the rails, Mr. Shapiro?
You know, honestly, Piers, you've kind of been a bully on this issue because what you do, and I've seen it repeatedly on your show, I watch your show, and I have seen it repeatedly.
How dare you?
I have seen you do it repeatedly, Piers.
Like I say, how dare you?
I mean, you can keep saying that, but you've done it repeatedly.
Why not?
Let me ask you --
So you only care about the kids who were being killed in Chicago as much as the kids in Sandy Hook?
Yes, I do.
And why don't you care about -- about banning the handguns in Chicago?
We'll come to that.
What was the weapon used in Aurora in the movie theater?
It was -- it was an assault rifle, sure.
What was the weapon used in the Oregon shopping mall?
I believe it's an assault weapon, correct.
What was the weapon used in Sandy Hook?
It was an assault rifle.
Why is it here?
Well, you know, we can talk about Britain in a second.
Which tyranny are you fearing yourself?
I fear the possibility of a tyranny rising in this country in the next 50 to 100 years.
Is that your position?
And that's not my position.
What is your position?
My position is that we have to calibrate laws that are designed to get hand -- guns out of the hands of bad people and keep guns in the hands of good people who want to buy them.
How do you do that?
I think one of the ways that you do that is by better screening for mental illness.
Was Adam Lanza's mother a good person?
I don't know whether she's a good person or a bad person.
Has there been any evidence to suggest she was not a good person?
No, but there is --
ORGAN: Then she becomes a bad person, does she?
Well, no, it's not a matter of -- it's not a matter of morally versus immorally --
So is she good or bad?
You're right, Piers.
So she goes from good to bad?
No.
Do you believe that if you had an assault weapon ban, statistics prove that you could dry out the supply of these guns and make them less accessible to criminals?
I don't know whether you could make them less accessible to criminals.
Why just stop yourself at assault rifles?
Because I believe and respect an Americans' rights under the Second Amendment Constitution that you kindly brought in to defend themselves with a handgun or a pistol.
If he hadn't had the assault rifle, he wouldn't have used them?
Explain to me this: I can't buy this.
Do you think that's right?
Well, we can talk drug laws another time.
Does that make sense to you?
No, I think what would make sense is laws that are calibrated to solve the problem.
Which guns would you remove?
I think the ones that have largely been removed from the market.
You wouldn't remove any semiautomatics at all?
No, because semiautomatic just means that when you pull the trigger once, one bullet comes out.
Do you understand how an AR-15 performs when it's been modified and has a magazine?
I do.
Would you want every American to have an AR-15?
No, not every American.
Who would you stop?
I would stop anyone with a criminal background.
For everybody?
For everybody.
So there should be a database, a national registry?
If it's not public.
When the NRA came out today, after the meeting in the White House, and just said we're not prepared to entertain any kind of new gun restrictions, what did you think about that?
What is astonishing to me is the left's attack on the NRA.
They instill fear?
If everyone in the movie theater had been armed, everyone in the school had been armed, it wouldn't have happened.
Why did Ronald Reagan want these assault weapons removed?
You know, I don't know why Ronald Reagan wanted these --
You like Reagan, right?
I like Reagan.
Did you agree with him on assault weapons?
If -- I'll believe what you are saying, sure.
Why don't you tell me?
Let me read the letter.
Do you really?
I have been debating this for a very long time.
Why do they need those weapons?
They need them for the prospective possibility of resistance to tyranny, which is not a concern today.
Where do you expect the tyranny to come from?
It could come from the United States, because governments have gone tyrannical before, Piers.
Do you understand how absurd you sound?
Here's where you go into the absurd and the bullying.
What is astonishing?
What's astonishing about it is that for weeks now, you have been saying that anybody who disagrees with your position is absurd, idiotic, and doesn't care about the kids in Sandy Hook.
Let me ask you again, what is the point of a civilian having an AR-15?
The point of a civilian having an AR-15 assault weapon -- many of them are ex-military.
An average civilian without a criminal record, why do they need one?
To protect against the possibility of eventual government tyranny.
Is that what you think?
They may not turn on me.
The reason we cannot remove AR-15 assault weapons is because the threat of your own government turning on you in a tyrannical way?
Yes.
That is your position?
It is because there are countervailing rights and responsibilities.
What would you need a fully automatic weapon for?
Or the semiautomatic.
What advice can you give them?
Hang in there.
Have you thought about going up to Sandy Hook?
I would love to go up to Sandy Hook.
How many young females have done this?
Almost all the recent massacres have been young males.
What are you looking at?
Not yet.
Dr. Oz, how are you?
Very, very well.
What is the best advice for people to get to January and think New Year, new me, new start?
Well, resolutions actually do make a difference.
What are the things about the American diet, the way of life, whatever it may be, that are particular, perhaps, to America?
Well, we have made it easy to do the wrong thing in America.
Just from French fries?
Just from French fries.
If everybody just exercised better portion control, literally cut the amount they ate by, say, a third, what effect would that have on the average life?
It would dramatically change our life expectancy, but, more importantly, the quality of our life.
Is it good for America that you have a first lady and president who are obviously very physically fit themselves?
It's a huge benefit for the country.
If you walked as an adult for half an hour a day -- you know, I walk here across Central Park, say, to CNN, and I feel like it's a pretty good exercise if you walk at a reasonable pace, is that enough to be fit?
It's a perfect amount.
Well, I'm basically in perfect physical (INAUDIBLE)?
Well, we're going to --
Really?
Yes.
Why do you think you've had a -- a battle with your weight?
If I could figure it out, I'd fix it.
You don't know what it is?
I don't.
Did you ever get help for it?
Sure, plenty of times.
Where do you -- where do you fall down in terms of dealing with it?
I eat too much.
Should they have the jab?
I think they should have the -- the flu shot, without question.
What is the best advice, if there is any, for people who get caught up in these terrible tragedies, about how to somehow get back?
What we ought to, I think, crave, is hope.
How do you deal with that particular kind of stress, a really -- like a death in the family, a death of a close friend, even, for some people, a death of a beloved pet?
Because I can't tell you how many times we've lost one couple, a long married couple, and then soon after, we'll lose the spouse.
Does that -- does it exist in medical terms, a broken heart?
There is no question at all that broken hearts exist and they kill people.
Rhodiola?
Rhodiola.
Are you basically telling me you've been half cut on vodka your entire career?
No.
Can we add a few, you know, cannabis joints to the equation now that they're legal in some states?
Cannabis, a fascinating story, in part because there is no question there's medicinal benefit.
ORGAN: How addictive is cannabis?
It's addictive as cigarettes, in my opinion.
Is it more dangerous than cigarettes?
It does -- it has more dangers in part because when you're under the influence of cannabis, your judgment is a bit more affected than it would be under cigarettes.
But if you, as one of America's topmost renowned doctors, says it's not more dangerous than cigarettes, surely, it should just be legalized, then, right, like cigarettes?
There are a couple of problems with cannabis.
But how -- how bad is that, the mass index?
Well, the body mass index is -- it's in the overweight category, but I'm not that worried about that.
What should my waist be?
Half of your height, half of 73 inches, which is 36 and a half inches.
How bad is that?
Well, ideally it would be less than 140.
What's mine?
Thirty-seven.
I need more healthy cholesterol -- how do I get more healthy cholesterol?
The best way to do it is to get that waist size down to 36 and a half inches.
What's the best way to do that?
Uh, there are a couple of little tips.
But can I share that for a second?
Yes.
How high?
It's supposed to be, ideally, about 115 over 75, ideally.
And what causes that kind of thing?
Z: Exercise.
So what should I be doing to deal with this?
Well, the -- the number one thing that folks ought to start doing is to automate their lives so the easy decisions are the right ones and are -- and are easier to make.
Is that bad for me?
Coffee itself is fine, because it's a -- it's the number one source of antioxidants in America.
-- I'm going to get you back in -- how -- how long would I need to try and really deal with this?
You could dramatically change these numbers in six weeks.
Or is it just luck?
Well, it's -- it's a combination.
So my question to you is, is there a preventative measure that I could use to help alleviate the pain so that, long-term, it won't turn into arthritis?
That's a great question.
What is the best way to try and deal with it?
You know, we tackle this on the show a lot because there's actually 116 million Americans with chronic pain issues.
And what's the balance between genetics and just good living?
It turns out that about two thirds of how long you live is based on your lifestyle.
What is the secret to long life, do you think, in terms of health?
Good diet.
Do what in bed?
Exactly.
Mimi -- Mimi, let me ask you, have you ever some kind?
Never.
Do you drink alcohol?
Milk.
What about that for a recipe for long life?
It's obviously worked.
And if you can't get enough, what do you do about it?
The -- the number one under appreciated health problem in America is sleep issues.
It can't help you sleep, does it?
It -- it completely disrupts sleep patterns, and for one very important reason.
Is that true?
You cannot get the flu from the flu shot because the material is -- is actually dead flu virus.
You're enjoying this, aren't you?
This is literally the biggest needle I could find.
Should children have them?
It's recommended that after the age of six months, that we give it to our kids.
How much of it is mental in the end?
You know, mental is where you win it all.
How many gun murders were there in Britain?
How many great white sharks --
Why do you want to deport me?
Well, we did it as a way to bring attention to the fact that we have all of these foreigners and the Russian government, the official Chinese government.
You finished?
Yes, I am finished.
Do you know?
There were about 11,458, and about 74 percent of those were gang related, gang bangers shooting each other.
How many gun murders were there in Britain last year?
How many great white sharks --
kill people every year but they're scared to swim?
Right.
How many gun murders were there in Britain?
A very low amount and I already went over those statistics.
How many, do you know?
That was only a few hundred.
How many gun murders?
I actually, actually did pull up the statistics.
I fled here?
Why don't you tell folks -- yes, you fled here.
Why don't you go back and face the charges with the hacking scandal?
Answer this question.
Why did you get fired from "The Daily Mirror" for putting on fake stories?
How many --
Do you know the answer?
No, I don't.
Do you understand the difference between 11,000 and 35?
Hey.
Do you understand the difference?
Do you understand --
-- and 11,000?
They know your script.
You can pull those numbers up, OK?
Well --
Which weapon was predominantly used in the Aurora movie theater shooting?
M-4 AR-15 variant.
Do you know that?
No.
Are we going to -- listen, why do you have the pilots have firearms?
Let me ask you a second question.
Do you know which weapon was used in the Oregon shopping mall mass shooting recently?
I understand that people who are mentally ill on all the serotonin reuptake inhibitors --
Do you know what the weapon used was?
Listen.
OK?
Yes.
Do you have a bodyguard?
Alex.
Why do you have bodyguards?
I don't have a bodyguard.
Don't you want to protect your wife from hoodlums or you want to call the police?
Let me ask you this question.
-- to try and take Mr. And Mrs. America's guns?
Don't be talking over me.
What was the weapon used at Sandy Hook?
I have already gone over that and already answered it for you.
What was the weapon?
It's a 223 M-4.
Are you seeing a pattern?
People wouldn't go swimming because of the movie "Jaws" even though great white sharks kill five people a year.
Why is the government arguing [inaudible] against this?
Why -- Alex. I don't --
ONES: What about "Fast and Furious"?
Alex.
Why did our government ship guns to Mexico?
Calm down, Alex.
To blame the Second Amendment?
Let's have a debate.
A false flag?
Alex, I get accused --
To blame the Second Amendment?
I get accused --
Why did they blow up buildings down the street here in New York?
Alex. Alex. I get accused when I get you guys on of talking over you, of being rude.
I'm trying to be civil, all right?
Yes.
Alex, why do people need them?
Go commit suicide by killing a bunch of kids and here's the gun to use --
Why do people need them?
They need them to protect us from the number one killer in history.
-- therefore have an AR-15 if they want one?
Statistically, where there's more guns there's lower crime.
Why don't you want to get rid of drugs, because they're half your sponsors?
Stick to the subject.
Who do you believe was behind 9/11?
Oh I absolutely know.
But who do you believe was behind it?
I have the proof.
Who, who, Alex?
They announced they blew up the towers on CBS Radio.
Alex, who do you believe -- Alex, who do you believe was behind it, the American government?
Criminal elements of the military industrial complex, the same ones that staged Gulf of Tonkin, the same ones that staged operation, the mass shootings, Operation Gladio.
Alex. Alex. Do you mean that President Bush and his administration were behind 9/11?
I mean that even mainstream news reported that the hijackers were ordered to be allowed into the United States.
But is that what you believe?
The government -- Hitler fired bombs and turned rash tag, Piers, to bring in martial law in Germany, April 27th, 1933.
How many guns do you own?
I probably own more than 50 firearms.
What did you feel?
It was disheartening, I think, you know I think just to see the anger there.
Really?
When our during the aftermath of ObamaCare when there were -- the president was being held in effigy and these kinds of threatening comments of people like the man you just had on were blocking members of Congress from being able to go and vote, you may recall of that, --
Are you surprised that following the assassinations of John F. Kennedy, of Bobby Kennedy that we are in a position in America now where these kind of lawless mass shootings are happening with regularity and no one is doing much about it?
Well, as I said, I think that the lack of discourse -- so that that is really what's offensive in our country where we should be able to debate our problems without impugning the integrity of the people who have positions.
Why did you agree to come back?
Well, I thought maybe we could help you sell some more newspapers.
More newspapers?
Increase your viewership.
You're aware of that?
I'm sorry, yes, of course.
If you were at the meeting with the Vice President Biden, with the NRA and Wal-Mart and others, what would you be saying?
That the discussion has not been going anywhere that we can tell in a productive way.
Right, so your solution if you were there in that meeting would be to arm every school, every church, every hospital, everywhere that members of the public can be?
RATT: You certainly would want to encourage people who are qualified to carry a concealed firearm to be able to do so in a school zone.
So why on earth would the fact that it's a gun free zone make any difference to them?
They're looking for -- it would seem in their sick minds to see if they can out-do the Virginia Tech slaughter, or some other thing that might be in their perverted minds.
So why should we give them a neon sign that says well, see if you can do better than the last guy over here?
But you know there were armed security people at Virginia Tech.
My point to you, Mr. Pratt, is that even where you have a mass of well trained people and a mass of firearms, you can still have massacres, you'd accept that?
Especially if you're telling the potential victim you can't be armed.
Why do you know more about the impact and capability of the assault weapon than General McChrystal?
While the general was busy defending the country much of the time outside of the country, understandably he may not have noticed the Korean merchants who used an -- not one, but many AR-15 rifles with large magazines to defend themselves --
When was that, Mr. Pratt?
-- against the mobs -- during the Los Angeles riots.
When was that?
That was some, what, 20 years ago.
Did you know how long ago that was, Mr. Pratt?
We're able -- let me finish my point if you would.
Why do you feel so strongly that civilians, despite what we just heard from a leading general, should still be able to have access to these killing machines?
Well, because the general and his troops are not going to be there to protect the average American, the military nor the police after social order implodes, after a hurricane, after an earthquake, during riots.
Why do you still persist in trying to persuade Americans that the complete opposite is true?
Well, first of all, according to your investigature (ph) of the constabulary, the data that you're using for the murder rate in England is a sham.
How long do you think it takes the police or a pathologist to count 50 bodies a year?
Go tell the Constabulary of Britain that they are lying.
That's what you're saying?
That's exactly what your own Constabulary is saying.
Mr. Pratt, you are stating -- you are telling me on CNN we had how many gun murders last year?
Nine hundred seventy, and you have a violent crime rate that is the fourth highest in any country in the world.
What did you make of Mr. Jones' performance on the interview?
Well, it seemed that you had improved your demeanor quite a bit from my own experience with you, and I congratulate you for maintaining it during that whole interview.
Do you believe that?
That's what our founders believed.
How many guns do you want in America, Mr. Pratt?
That's not for me to decide.
Do you think every American should have an AR-15?
Every American should be able to get an AR-15.
What are you going to do if President Obama wins his battle and brings in new stricter gun control legislation?
Well, he's not going to do it by legislative, in my opinion.
You're likening President Obama to George III?
Well, he -- President Obama hasn't banned the importation of ball and powder yet, which George III did, but that was one of the major contributory elements to our war for independence.
Where's the humanity in doing nothing after these massacres?
The humanity was being able to do nothing during the massacre.
And you'd be happy with that if every school suddenly had people running around with guns, right?
You're a good guesser, yes, sir.
Where are they going to put them?
Well, when people carry a concealed firearm, one doesn't exactly know for sure, and the element of surprise remains with the person carrying concealed, which means that somebody contemplating doing something horrible doesn't know which person or persons might be able to arrest him, to stop him, and that's why our jurisdictions that have easy access to concealed carry firearms enjoy lower murder rates than, say, the gun control Mecca of Chicago, which does better than one murder a day.
So I'm going to give you one more chance before we finish to say again how many gun murders you believed were in England and Wales in 2011?
More important than the number of murders and it doesn't matter how a murder is committed, so I'm not going to really care about --
Can you repeat the number of gun murders that you said earlier?
The data we have seen was 970.
What are you looking at?
Not yet.
Am I about to die?
Here's the reason, as a friend, that I want to highlight this last number for you, which is your blood pressure.
Dr. Oz, how are you?
Very, very well.
What is the best advice for people to get to January and think New Year, new me, new start?
Well, resolutions actually do make a difference.
What are the things about the American diet, the way of life, whatever it may be, that are particular, perhaps, to America?
Well, we have made it easy to do the wrong thing in America.
Just from French fries?
Just from French fries.
If everybody just exercised better portion control, literally cut the amount they ate by, say, a third, what effect would that have on the average life?
It would dramatically change our life expectancy, but, more importantly, the quality of our life.
Is it good for America that you have a first lady and president who are obviously very physically fit themselves?
It's a huge benefit for the country.
If you walked as an adult for half an hour a day -- you know, I walk here across Central Park, say, to CNN, and I feel like it's a pretty good exercise if you walk at a reasonable pace, is that enough to be fit?
It's a perfect amount.
Really?
Yes.
Why do you think you've had a battle with your weight?
If I could figure it out, I'd fix it.
You don't know what it is?
I don't.
Did you ever get help for it?
Sure, plenty of times.
Where do you -- where do you fall down in terms of dealing with it?
I eat too much.
Should they have the jab?
I think they should have the flu shot, without question.
What is the best advice, if there is any, for people who get caught up in these terrible tragedies, about how to somehow get back?
What we ought, I think, crave is hope.
How do you deal with that particular kind of stress, a really -- like a death in the family, a death of a close friend, even, for some people, a death of a beloved pet?
Piers, I can't tell you how many times we've lost one couple, a long married couple, and then soon after, we'll lose the spouse.
Is that -- does it exist in medical terms, a broken heart?
There is no question at all that broken hearts exist and they kill people.
Rhodiola?
Rhodiola is Siberian ginseng.
Are you basically telling me you've been half cut on vodka your entire career?
No.
Can we add a few, you know, cannabis joints to the equation now that they're legal in some states?
Cannabis, a fascinating story, in part because there is no question there's medicinal benefit.
How addictive is cannabis?
It's addictive as cigarettes, in my opinion.
Is it more dangerous than cigarettes?
It -- it has more dangers in part because when you're under the influence of cannabis, your judgment is a bit more affected than it would be under cigarettes.
But if you, as one of America's topmost renowned doctors, says it's not more dangerous than cigarettes, surely, it should just be legalized, then, right, like cigarettes?
There are a couple of problems with cannabis.
But how bad is that, with the mass index?
Well, the body mass index is -- it's in the overweight category, but I'm not that worried about that.
So you're 6'1"?
Six-one, yes.
What should my waist be?
Half of your height, half of 73 inches, which is 36 and a half inches.
Right?
Yes.
How bad is that?
Well, ideally it would be less than 140.
What's mine?
Thirty-seven.
I need more healthy -- how do I get more healthy cholesterol?
The best way to do it is to get that waist size down to 36 and a half inches.
What's the best way to do that?
There are a couple of little tips.
But can I share that for a second?
Yes.
How high?
It's supposed to be -- ideally about 115 over 75, ideally.
And what causes that kind of thing?
Exercise.
So what should I be doing to deal with this?
Well, the number one thing that folks ought to start doing is to automate their lives so the easy decisions are the right ones and are easier to make.
Is that bad for me?
Coffee itself is fine, because it's -- it's the number one source of antioxidants in America.
-- I'm going to get you back in -- how long would I need to try and really deal with this?
You could dramatically change these numbers in six weeks.
Or is it just luck?
Well, it's a combination.
So my question to you is, is there a preventative measure that I could use to help alleviate the pain so that, long-term, it won't turn into arthritis?
That's a great question.
What is the best way to try and deal with it?
You know, we tackle this on the show a lot because there's actually 116 million Americans with chronic pain issues.
And what's the balance between genetics and just good living?
It turns out that about two thirds of how long you live is based on your lifestyle.
What is the secret to long life, do you think, in terms of health?
Good diet.
Do what in bed?
Exactly.
Let me ask you, have you ever smoked?
Never.
Do you drink alcohol?
Milk.
What about that for a recipe for long life?
It's obviously worked.
And if you can't get enough, what do you do about it?
The number one under appreciated health problem in America is sleep issues.
It can't help you sleep, does it?
It completely disrupts sleep patterns, and for one very important reason.
Is that true?
You cannot get the flu from the flu shot because the material is actually dead flu virus.
You're enjoying this, aren't you?
This is literally the biggest needle I could find.
Should children have them?
It's recommended that after the age of six months, that we give it to our kids.
How much of it is mental in the end?
You know, mental is where you win it all.
What to you resonates?
Well, I think what happened in Sandy Hook was really a turning point.
What do -- what do you think we can sensibly do?
I think -- I think there should be mental health for people who have mental health problems.
Better treatment, better funding?
Better treatment.
What is your reaction to that?
Well, I think as a mother of four, sending my kids out to school every day, I think that's why this tragedy affected so many people and hit home with so many people, is that we all go to our homes and send our kids off to school, and every day we assume that they're safe, and we have faith in the teachers and the school that everything is OK.
What is your view?
I mean, we just need better enforcement of the laws that -- first of foremost better are already put in place.
And how do we get through that, do you think?
Our country is founded in such a different way that, you know, so much -- with the Second Amendment even being part of the Constitution, it's so much about protecting liberties because of how we established ourselves as a country.
How are they doing, the parents and her little sisters?
You know, time, I think, creates this stark realization of what's missing in your life.
Why is that the solution?
Well, Piers, I don't think you're quite accurately stating what I -- my job is.
What is your answer for that?
Well, first of all, guns are prohibited in the airplane.
How do you kind of regulate that?
Well, certainly, you need to look beyond simply a trained, armed presence.
What weapon will you give your trained security people?
We'll give them what they need to get to do the job to protect the children.
So just to -- just to clarify, would you give them AR- 15s?
This is not -- this is the -- the experts, the school safety experts, the national law enforcement people, they will recommend what is the best way to protect the children in this environment.
What would you do?
I would give them a weapon so they could take the shooter out.
So I'm asking you again, just to clarify, would you give these trained people you're going to train up AR-15 assault rifles?
I disagree with your point.
But just very quickly, you don't think removing AR-15s would help safety?
I think that Congress could pass a half a dozen laws just like they did with the ban on Columbine, and yet the tragedy occurred.
What do you think of it?
Well, first, I have to say I'm thankful that you keep this dialogue going.
Is that the way you're going to make a Sandy Hook stop and just say, we'll just sell, what, hundreds of thousands of more guns and put armed guards in every school in America?
I thought the president had it absolutely right today.
When people say to you, John, as they say to me, you're anti-the Constitution, you're anti-the Second Amendment, I'm entitled to all these assault weapons, what do you say?
I'm a gun owner.
What are you looking for?
They need to personally come to my house, Piers.
Nobody called, nobody rang?
OWE: It was sad.
What did you make of the race, in the end?
I was -- I was really surprised that it wasn't closer.
Yeah?
I can't believe that President Obama turned out bigger numbers than he thought -- than a lot of people thought he would.
Really?
I thought of you, funny enough, because I was watching -- rewatching, for the third time, the entire "West Wing" phenomenon, all seven seasons.
Why is it so political in America?
It's a part, I think, of how our country was formed.
How many do you have?
OWE: I have three.
What types?
I don't have an assault weapon.
You have handguns?
Exactly.
As a gun owner, you would have no problem if President Obama said, I really want to push for these assault rifles, in particular, to be taken out of circulation?
Look, I wouldn't because -- look, I like guns, and I don't own an assault rifle.
But if they don't do that, as you point out, it's not really a ban, is it?
No.
Were you as enthralled as everybody else?
First of all, I probably watch more cable news than any human should be.
Did you get to meet Jeff Ashton?
He actually came to visit the day I did the closing argument.
Really?
Which was --
What did he say to you?
I almost didn't want to go back and see him for fear he would give me the "oh, boy" face.
I want you for my Lifetime movie?
I'm there, my friend.
Like whom?
George Anthony.
Would you have personally convicted Casey Anthony, the more you now know about the case?
It's my personal opinion that she absolutely had something to do with her daughter's death.
Do you have any sympathy for the people that get caught up in these things?
This one would be a tough one, Piers.
From what you understand of what the president will be revealing tomorrow, as what he wants to push forward with, is that enough?
It is a fantastic start, Piers.
Can it actually become law?
Well, that remains to be seen.
Is it as shocking as many would have us believe?
Yes, it is.
Will they just go and find some other weapon that can do the same job for them?
Well, this is like Sandy Hook certainly to motivate us to do some reasonable, sensible things that we -- that we must do about gun violence.
How do you deal with the Americans who say, no, you're not having any of my guns, it's my Second Amendment right to bear arms, I can have all this?
Well, first of all, no one is talking about taking anyone's weapon.
Well, that's not good enough anymore, is it?
Well, listen, I agree with you.
Dr. Fox, do you want to jump in here?
Yes.
Why is that?
Well, because evil is going to happen.
Where do we draw the line?
But the First Amendment refers to the freedom of expression, on speech and for the press.
Why -- why ban machine guns then?
Machine guns were banned in 1934 as a result of the National Firearms Act.
What does that tell you about -- as a reaction to Aurora and then Sandy Hook?
Well, Piers, look, the reality is, is that gun sales sigh rocketed upon the election of Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden in 2009.
When you hear people say there's just no comparison between, say, the M-16 military weapon and an AR- 15, what is your reaction?
Well, I understand what his position is and it's a little bit of semantics.
What does any civilian need one?
To protect myself and protect my family.
You believe that an American government in the modern age is going to turn tyrannical?
No, I'm not saying --
That you would need an AR-15 to protect yourself against your own government?
Well, let's look at it right now.
Government's monopoly on violence?
No, the government has a monopoly on legitimate violence.
To have an AR-15?
To have any gun.
Why do you need an AR-15?
Because I do want to protect my family.
What else do you call it?
You and I agree.
The question is, how many would if they didn't have guns in their homes?
They would find something else.
How do you convince them this is not an attack on their rights, if you like?
It is not an attack on their rights.
I mean, how are you going to tell my children that nothing has been done after what happened to our family?
But, Piers, the truth of the matter is this.
When you have a family like this who has been destroyed over what has happened -- you saw, Ashley -- Kendra, when you hear people try to just insist on saying these AR-15 weapons are not assault weapon, what do you say to that?
It's really impossible for me to understand that the killers could get that kind of power in their hands.
When you hear people talk in this way and just have no apparent comprehension, I think, of why you want these kind of weapons taken away, what is your reaction?
Well, I agree with this lady about it is our Constitutional right to have -- bear arms.
Do you think he's got it about right?
I hope to see a ban on assault rifles or much stricter possession of them.
Are they going to do that?
LUMENTHAL: I think that the issue remains a very open -- one in the minds of many of my colleagues because they are hearing from their constituents that we really need to do something about gun violence.
Where does that leave the president?
Well, the NRA never misses an opportunity to miss an opportunity.
And what did you agree with him about?
Nothing.
You don't agree with universal background checks for gun sales?
In French, back to the Bill of Rights.
You don't agree with that?
Infringe on my rights.
What possible infringement of your rights is it as a member of the American society if you want to buy a gun that are background checked?
Well, here's the deal.
Would you cap ammunition magazines to a 10-round limit?
No.
Why?
Because it doesn't say so in the Constitution.
Piers, more importantly where does it say I cannot?
Right.
So where's the limit?
Well, there is not because it doesn't say it.
Do you believe the Second Amendment gives you, Scottie Hughes, the right to have a tank?
You know what, honestly, I don't see bullet points in the Constitution, sure.
Do you feel you have the right to have a tank?
That's an interesting question, Piers.
How can this be a sensible conversation?
No -- listen, listen, listen, listen -- no, listen.
-- say you want the right to a tank?
I haven't even said anything yet.
Do you think you should have the right to have a tank under the Second Amendment?
I think the Constitution is clear and it says that we have a right to bear arms under the definition of arms.
Does that include a tank?
If that is how arms is defined, I'm going to let you draw your conclusions on that.
So have you started using the term -- have you stopped using the term assault rifle?
Dana, Dana, Dana -- I'll come to that in a moment.
The Second Amendment gives you, as Scottie believes, the right to have a tank?
I believe that the Second Amendment gives us all the right to bear arms.
Does that include a tank?
If that's how -- if it falls under the definition of firearms.
Do you think it does?
I -- if it falls under the definition of firearms.
Do you think it does, Dana?
If I say so, you're going to -- you're going to fire back.
Do you think it does?
And accuse me about my interpretation.
Does the -- does your personal interpretation of the Second Amendment include your right to have a tank?
My personal interpretation of the Second Amendment isn't a personal interpretation.
Does that include a tank?
If it falls under the definition of firearms, Piers.
When is the last time you heard somebody want a tank and buy a tank?
Scottie has --
So you're an expert?
Well, my brother is, yes.
You don't dispute that?
And Columbine happened, and Columbine happened after that.
Do you dispute that it was banned?
And Columbine happened after that.
Why was it banned then under the 1994 assault weapons ban?
Because people don't like scary-looking guns.
When is the last time you heard a crime done by one of those people?
OK, Dana Loesch, let's ask you that question which is about the magazine clips.
Do you think that there is any reason why any civilian needs a magazine -- or magazine drums at it is now, over 10-round limit or more?
I think that there exist reasons that exactly why we should have more than.
What is the point of that anecdote?
And also, and also, Piers --
But Dana, why do you tell that story?
Well, because it's to highlight that if someone has a firearm and they're able to defend themselves --
Have you seen the video?
Or -- I've seen -- I actually have screen shots of it.
So that young man should have shot those people?
I'm not saying that.
What are you saying then?
There are instances where there is more than one people, more than one person coming at you.
Have you ever fired one?
I haven't fired one.
Why would anybody need that?
Well, first and foremost, if you've never fired an AR- 15, as a woman, who also has self-defense -- has -- uses guns for self-defense and likes to know that I have that security they're a lot easier to fire than other rifles simply because of the recoil.
Or one of these high-capacity magazines?
Piers, how are law-abiding --
Why should I be punished?
James Holmes was a law-abiding citizen.
Do you realize that there are laws that have been passed to incentivize states recording these people?
Scottie said early that she --
Is there anything there you agreed with?
You know, I'm really -- because I think that he was moved by what happened at Newtown, which I think anybody would have been.
Was there anything you agreed within the president's proposals?
No.
You know something?
-- I would have liked to have the mother from Georgia that sat there.
How can he do it?
Well, he has this stuff he chose precisely because he doesn't have to send it through the Senate or the House.
Well, what the bloody hell are they?
I grew up on a farm in a world surrounded by guns.
What are you left with?
Well, it's fun.
Is fun a good enough excuse?
No.
We know that three Americans may be among the hostages, I think?
We know very little about this.
How are you doing?
I'm good.
Thank you How are you?
I'm feeling great.
What is your take on what was a very momentous day today for President Obama and his administration, and I think for America?
Well, look, I think this is a really polarizing issue.
Do you believe the Constitution gives you the right to have a tank?
Well, I think the Constitution -- when the Founding Fathers wrote the Constitution, I don't think they envisioned, you know, rapid-fire weapons or anything like that.
They couldn't find any common ground in anything?
But those are just two people.
Did you get to know him?
He basically, you know, asked me what the weather was going to be, and then kept moving.
What do you think of it?
Well, look --
Do you feel like it's got you all energized again?
I think, look, we were always energized.
Your neck is disappearing, like the rest of you, at a rate -- you've lost an unfeasible amount of wait, 350 pounds down to -- fighting wait now?
Right, 205.
Because you can have all the diets and things in the world, but until your head's right -- what are the things that you felt were most effective?
A, in this country, we need to cut back on portions.
Have you ever seen a happy runner?
Let me tell you about a high work out.
The White House incident, probably the most revolting story I've ever heard on national television?
I am sure there is worse, but here is the deal.
Can we have you read the tease to the break, please?
All right.
In one word, what will the weather be like tomorrow?
It's going to be spectacular.
It's a pretty shameful moment, isn't it, for him?
Well, I think it's incredibly shameful, but I think you're hitting on the things that I don't think he can ever take back, which is he went through the lengths, not simply of lying, but the litigiousness of suing the "London Times" for defamation, very expensive, winning a $500,000 judgment.
I don't see any way that he can do that, do you?
Well, I mean, I've read that they might consider reinstating him in eight years.
Given the scale of his betrayal to you personally, will you ever talk to him again?
No.
But why would I ever believe anything he says to me or anyone?
Let me -- let me update you as they're coming to this now.
Is there any way back for Lance Armstrong?
Well, Piers, if he thought the climb up the Pyrenees was difficult, he's going to find the climb to regain his reputation is even worse.
Yes or no, did you ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance?
Yes.
Yes or no, was one of those banned substances EPO?
Yes.
Did you ever blood dope or use blood transfusions to enhance your cycling performance?
Yes.
Did you ever use any other banned substances like testosterone, cortisone, or human growth hormone?
Yes.
Yes or no, in all seven of your Tour de France victories, did you ever take banned substances or blood dope?
Yes.
Seven times in a row?
Not in my opinion.
We're done with the yes and nos?
We're done with the yes and nos.
Began when?
For me or for --
For you?
Mid-'90s.
I mean, Christine, is -- in the Pantheon of sporting cheats, has anybody come close to Lance Armstrong?
No, he's it.
His lawyers have allowed him to do this, but just hearing those ramifications, knowing what I do about the lawsuits against British newspapers and so on, surely, he's going to be facing a battery of lawsuits, isn't he?
Absolutely, Piers.
Could he go to jail for perjury, for any of these confessions now?
Well, it's not quite that simple.
What do you feel for Lance Armstrong tonight on that level?
I feel bad for him.
What was the sort of overriding thing you learned about yourself that perhaps made you a better man?
Well, what you have publicly displayed in this instance, is you aren't as good as you think you are and you're not as good as you act.
Do you expect widespread forgiveness?
Well, I mean, that's up for each individual to decide.
What do you see is missing that perhaps you can fill in terms of a gap?
A buddy of mine from down in Beaufort I think summed it incredibly really well.
And so what I want to do is take what I've learned and hopefully apply it to again a great conundrum that now exists in Washington, which is how do we get our financial house in order?
Well, Mark Sanford, I wish you all the very best.
What do we do about that?
Well, listen, I think the NRA is in a fundamentally different position than they were just 35 days ago.
Who's going to show some kind of political leadership?
Yes, you know, I have talked to so many of these parents and families over the last few weeks.
Mr. Elder, no gun problem in America?
Piers, thank you very much for having me on.
Claim?
Yes, it's a claim.
So how do you explain that using your argument?
Piers, this has been studied many times by organizations like the Heritage Foundation.
How do you explain it's not happening in New York?
There are lots of factors why people commit crimes.
These are things you should consider, aren't they, before you dismiss there being no gun problem?
LDER: They most certainly are.
What is this?
This is a Mardi Gras king cake that was sent by Ms. Romak (ph) from New Orleans.
So, I mean, look, I straddle the line and sometimes I -- you can't help but wonder, is this the right path or is this the right path?
I think it's been so the right path for you.
When you hear this debate -- it's an interesting debate, I think, about whether you should have armed security in school, what do you think?
I don't like -- this is my personal opinion.
What do you think of that?
I'm very, very frustrated with this story.
You do?
I think Lance Armstrong will go down in history as the greatest sporting cheat of them all.
As a survivor, can you divorce what he has done as a survivor to help cancer and other charities, and the money he has raised, from everything we now know about him?
Look, I know how much need there is for money and for research and for things for cancer.
Is there such a thing as bad money when it comes to fundraising for charity?
I think there can be.
How are you dealing with no alcohol?
It's depressing.
What do you think?
Calm everyone down a bit, you know.
Why did you come up with the idea?
I thought it was a lot of people were in a funk, you know, whether it's tragedies around the world or close to home.
Do you?
He's just become a grandfather.
Look, I think that it's one of those things that you wonder who is going to be wearing the bib at the end, the grandchild or Charlie Sheen?
I think Charlie probably feels pretty damn relieved he made it to be a grandfather.
Is that always the demon on your shoulder?
Yes.
How are you governor?
Good evening, Piers.
How are you?
I'm very well.
How does he play that tricky line?
Well probably he's the better one to answer that question, but I think that it's more and more apparent to the American people and I think to the Republicans who are paying attention to the American people that we want stuff done, that we want solutions.
Does the president have that kind of relationship with John Boehner, say, where we can feel optimistic that they're going to have a very different kind of relationship that can actually be more effective?
Well I think there's a different kind of dynamic that Speaker Boehner has to deal with.
How can he overcome that kind of rather dispiriting negativity?
I think it would be a disgrace to the memory of the tragedy in Newtown if the Congress was unwilling to deal with the causes of Newtown and tragedies like it too numerous to name.
is it time that I think particularly for the Democrats in the Senate worried about losing their seats if they stand up to the NRA, is it time for a bit of moral fiber, a bit of political courage rather than cowardice in relation to the NRA?
Well, look, I think you know I feel very strongly that we should grow a backbone, that we have to stand up for what we believe in.
Do you want to put your firm denials in right away as get it out of the way?
Piers, thank you for the invitation, but I don't have announcements tonight.
Can you make a statement along the lines of I have absolutely no desire to ever be president, just so I know you're probably quite interested?
Nice try, Piers.
Do you wish perhaps that today's politicians from the president down showed some of the moral courage that Lincoln showed over the issue of slavery, for example?
I think that's the real point.
So explain to me what happens if it falls on a Sunday?
Well and Sunday we're going to do the at a White House ceremony.
And I understand you met with President Obama recently?
A group of historians, including Doris, we meet periodically, a few times now at the White House and have what we call a historians' dinner, and talk to President Obama.
How do you rate President Obama in the pantheon of great presidents, or just presidents?
Well when you think about the great presidents, usually like old Abigail Adams once said, great necessities call forth great leaders.
We need to get back to that?
Well, remember, a point of history is to remind us our own times aren't uniquely oppressive.
And what would the answer be?
Well, I think the most important thing about, not just Abraham Lincoln, but FDR or Teddy Roosevelt, is when a president looks back at history, they can learn from the stories, and the triumphs and the failures of previous presidents, which mean they're not just walking in there alone.
Margaret, let me start with you, obviously heavy heart I should imagine, watching a Democratic president about to make his second inaugural speech, but what has he got on his plate, the president, which he needs to deal with in the second term?
: Well not too heavy a heart, I will say.
What are the big challenges for him in the second term?
Well the first thing every president has to be careful of in a second term is, as Margaret alluded to, is overreach, misinterpreting your mandates.
How does he somehow get through this impasse with the Republicans who are still seething about him winning again, and were pretty successful frankly in thwarting him in his first term?
Well the president has been pretty clear this time on a couple of measures.
Are they right?
Look, it did work.
And if it doesn't recover soon, President Obama won't have much wiggle room really on the economy, will he?
But there are things that he can do through his leadership that could stimulate the economy, the economy and corporate tax reform, corporations -- their outreach to business leaders.
What has been his big triumphs and his big failures do you think?
Well, there's no question, the two big triumphs that you can't just argue, one, he saved the economy from going into a depression when he first came into office.
What would you have done in Benghazi in the aftermath?
Look, I'm not a general.
Wait a minute, you said I went from naught to 60, what's the middle ground between taking action and not taking action?
Look, as a person who reads the papers just like you, you and I both know that the guy who was there on the ground, who was putting on his social media line by line at the time line of the attack, was in custody in a neighboring country until just a couple of weeks ago.
The question is, what do you do after the assassination of an ambassador?
You round up the people who are responsible and you hold them responsible.
You don't take military action?
I'm not a general.
How are you?
I'm great, great.
How do you take on that organization in the most efficient, smart way?
Well, the way to do it is to aim to defeat them, not contain them.
What is the threat in real terms from Iran, from North Korea, and indeed from the fallout from the Arab spring, do you think?
So, the Arab spring, we're already seeing the fallout, in some areas, like what's happening in Mali, because a lot of those fighters came from Libya.
And North Korea, do you see that as a real threat?
North Korea may very well launch another nuclear test.
And is the biggest challenge not a military one or the threat of being attacked but the relationship with China going forward in terms of America's ability to recover economically, is it time that they got into bed more with the Chinese?
They're in bed.
Should Obama make that a priority?
Well, I think so.
Are you encouraged by John Kerry's appointment as secretary of state?
I think it's really interesting.
Are you encouraged -- just finally, are you encouraged, optimistic by where the Arab spring may go this year or are you quite pessimistic?
I've been of optimistic from the beginning.
You know why I think they're so excited to see you?
No.
Was it Daniel Craig or Denzel Washington who got Oscar nominated?
I don't know but I --
That wasn't too big a build-up there, Doug?
No.
When you watched him tonight, did you feel like I did, you saw a man more at peace with himself perhaps now ready for the challenge of maybe being some real action in the second term?
This is Barack Obama at his best.
How significant is that going to be in his second term?
Well, my hope is it's going to be very significant.
Does that bring with it a certain stability to the administration of the United States?
I think it does.
Is that going to be a significant help to him?
You know, but think about second term Dwight Eisenhower.
What should he be looking to do?
Well, there's all this stuff that's been on the table, you know, that's been talked about in the media, immigration reform.
What would you love to see his legacy end up being after four more years?
Well, I think ultimately the legacy that he's after, the legacy that we're all working for is to revitalize this economy and the country in such a way that the -- there's new vitality that American compact that say s if you work hard you can get ahead.
What would you say they would be for him?
Well, you know, I'm going to point to his own words.
What else do you see as priorities?
Immigration reform.
Do you think the president has the political clout and the personal drive to try and pursue an assault weapons ban if it looks like he can't?
Well, I think he's already made that clear.
Can he succeed?
Well, you know, let's see.
How are you?
I'm splendid, thank you.
And you?
I'm extremely honored to be talking to you, actually.
And how do you think he's done, President Obama, in his first term and what would you like him to do more of in his second term?
Well, I think he's done the best he could.
What advice do you think he would have given the president for his second and final term of office?
Thank you.
What did you make of what she said and in particular about what Martin Luther King may have said to Barack Obama?
Well, just -- I thought it was very moving and you got a nice call-out there from her.
Nick Cannon, how are you?
I'm great, man.
For you as a young black American, what does it mean to you, that day, the significance of both these great men being commemorated on this day?
I mean, it's outstanding.
What should the president be doing, though, to get more people like you to get up there and live the dream again?
I mean, the millennial generation really is a generation of young people who want to do better and all about empowerment.
ANNON: What does that have to do with talent, Piers?
I think it's talent.
Is she as attractive as last time I saw her?
She's just as beautiful.
Tomorrow, talk me through what's actually going to happen?
Well, I've got to tell you, in 1840, William Henry Harrison got elected and the inaugural in '41 and did not wear a coat.
How can he force through his agenda in a smart way?
Well, remember, like Dr. King, he's won a Nobel Peace Prize, he's an international figure and the world is going to be watching tomorrow.
We get the feeling that the Americans perhaps slight realized that continuing to be at war with the president isn't necessarily in the national interest?
Yet to be seen because of the way the money, I think.
Do you like what you saw?
I like the dress very much.
You know?
I think -- you know, we got Alina Cho joining us now.
Alina, do you know who the designer was on that?
Yes, I do.
What do you think?
I mean, I have to be honest, I'm surprised and not surprised.
As a man who dresses in Jimmy Choo (INAUDIBLE)?
No, it's better than that.
How do you feel about Jimmy Choo shoes?
Well, I -- I just -- I was --
And Anderson?
Yes.
Is that right?
Yes.
How many were watching your first dance?
We did it, we did kind of like --
How did you feel?
I cannot hear, Piers, at all.
What does that mean to you?
It's amazing.
So help you, God?
So help me, God.
Are they all geared up and ready to go?
EE: I think they have to be ready to go.
How quickly will he make it and the knock-offs?
I reckon he already has them made.
What did you think of the slow dance?
The slow dance was awesome.
For people at home and they're watching and they're listening, how do you explain?
Oh gosh, it is an awesome feeling.
Day one, President Obama's second term, can he keep his promises to America on guns after another school shooting today?
Our journey is not complete until all our children from the streets of Detroit, to the hills of Appalachia, to the quiet lanes of Newtown, know that they are cared for and cherished and always safe from harm.
My understanding is you have armed police specifically employed at the school and also civilian security, but they're not armed, is that correct?
I think some of them are.
What was your reading of it?
Well, I think we have a different tone from President Obama than we've had in the past.
How successful can he be with the kind of quite ambitious plans that he laid out yesterday for what he wants to achieve?
Well, as we sit here tonight, I think it's limited what he can achieve.
Do you like the tenor of what you're hearing from him for his second term or is it fiddling while Rome burns?
No, first of all, I don't think America's in bad shape at all.
How can a country that's so riddled with debt actually not be in bad shape?
Well, first of all, you know, when we talk about debt, everybody likes to compare it to households.
What is the answer to that?
Perhaps that's true, but if you're one of the 8 percent who are unemployed and are actively pursuing employment, you feel it.
Is that a valid point to make?
I think it's a valid point to make.
What do you think?
Well, I think there's a normal reaction, especially among us parents.
Did you know how many of the last 60 mass shootings have been in gun-free zones?
If I had to sit and count, I can tell you almost all of them.
But tell me this, I mean, do you go along then with this idea that you should arm almost everybody, at schools, at movie theaters?
No.
I mean, but where do you draw the line?
Yes.
But why would your answer to bringing down that statistic which presumably we all want to do, why would the answer then be more guns?
Let me answer -- let me answer your question.
-- why would the way to bring down those numbers be to have even more guns?
You are not going to bring down suicide numbers by having less guns.
It was a shotgun, I think?
Yes, sir.
Do you need to have an assault weapon, an AR-15 military style rifle or do you believe that you were armed enough to do what you did, to defend yourself and your property and your family?
Yes, in this particular case, yes.
How do we get through it?
You know, I mean, that's a tough question.
And where can you see at least some kind of consensus?
A member of the National Rifle Association, at the very beginning, said that we ought to include people who have been adjudicated as mentally unstable in the national -- in the list of people who can't get guns.
Do you own a gun?
Yes.
What do you have?
A shotgun.
Mark, do you have a gun?
No.
Do you believe that there's compelling evidence that an assault weapons ban, if it removed the loopholes that were there last time, would have no effect, zero effect?
Well, the government studies -- the Justice Department studies about the previous gun ban said it had no effect.
And you were shot, too?
I was not shot.
What do you think of this debate?
One, I have no problem if you have guns in your home.
Don't people watch "Die Hard" movies?
What many Americans don't realize is many countries around the world have brought in tough gun control, Japan, Australia, Britain and others.
And that involves if they want to get married in America, getting married?
Piers, when the president says half the things he says, I'm not sure what he means by them.
Doesn't that bother you?
It bothers me.
But does that mean the climate is changing scientifically?
Not climate, so to speak, but the weather day to day seems to be changing.
Why am I taking a risk with my kids' and their kids' lives?
Well, that's a very good question.
What do you say?
1970S, we had global cooling.
What is your view, global warming?
I have no idea.
Frank?
Seems to me the bulk of evidence supports climate change.
What difference at this point does it make?
And the NRA fires back at President Obama on guns.
What was your verdict?
What I thought is still so many questions that went unanswered and frankly some unsatisfactory answers.
Well, where do we go with this?
Piers, first of all, that's not what I'm saying.
And I'm sure you would agree with that, right?
I fully agree that the whole goal of this is to make sure we get to the bottom of it so that it doesn't happen again and also so that we make sure -- I mean, one of the things, of course, we learned as well is we had someone in custody in Tunisia, that person has been released and we want to hold those accountable for -- who committed these horrible murders on our people.
What do you think?
Well, I think there are legitimate questions that still need to be answered.
Do you agree with that?
I do agree with that.
When you take that line of political argument, should everybody just be fired every time any intelligence turns out to be not quite right?
So we're going -- I don't think it's quite analogous to compare what happened during the Bush administration with what's happening right now.
Well, why not?
-- a blanket standard of measures.
Why not?
Because this is the Dick -- Dick Durbin argument from earlier today, this is what we heard from Dick Durbin earlier when he was questioning Secretary of State Clinton.
What's the difference?
But the bottom line is --
-- where are the mistakes made?
Dana.
Are we going to talk about the Bush years or are we going to talk about what happened in Benghazi?
I'm talking about what I --
Do you not think, Piers -- do you not think that it's legitimate to ask who manipulated these talking points?
Yes, I do.
Then why aren't we talking about that?
There are many legitimate questions.
Do you believe that at any stage either Susan Rice or Hillary Clinton has deliberately lied or deliberately misled the American people?
I think it's a serious charge and I think it's a false charge.
And now you have time to think about that, was there nothing that the president came out with in any of the 23 executive orders or any of the other proposals that you could at least consider?
Well, one of the interesting things about this, Piers, is that you asked me if I liked any of these.
Why would you -- why would you not like background checks?
Including the NRA as well.
So did you mislead me last time?
Wait a minute.
What good are laws if people don't follow them?
Right.
So you still maintain that we just have to put more and more guns out there and America will be safer?
I don't maintain anything.
Do you believe that?
And Piers, let me tell you something.
-- would lead to less gun crime?
Let me -- let me answer you.
Now, PJ, have you heard any convincing argument as to why that kind of weapon should remain in civilian hands?
Well, I mean, no.
What did you make of that, PJ?
Well, I mean, as you look at war, you know, there's no difference anymore in the current way that wars are fought between the front lines and the rear guard.
Why would they not be able to be as effective as many men in combat?
Well, I would say the contradiction also exists with you, though.
In all your time as a meteorologist, have you a sense now that we are going through a genuine climatic change in the weather?
Well, you can't attribute one particular event like this to climate change.
What do you say to that?
I don't think there's any -- I think you're better off --
What do you say to that?
I say you look at the peer reviewed literature.
You wouldn't dispute there's been increased acceleration in CO2, right?
No, CO2 is rising.
Michael, over to you?
Yes, Piers, I haven't met Mark.
Lee, what's the forecast for the next few days?
Just like I just thawed out, so will the Midwest and the northeast.
ORGAN: I hear you are wearing a battery packed heated jacket?
I got two battery packs in here.
Did ABC find a few more dollars to finish off the gloves?
I knitted them myself while we were away.
What's your view about the debate?
Guns are very serious instruments of survival and defense.
Can you give me an answer?
I don't know if I'll give you an answer that will satisfy your sense of -- you know, sane logic.
How do you possibly defend yourselves?
Well, you know, yes.
But do you believe that any musician or movie star or movie maker or music producer, do they have any responsibility in terms of rhetoric about guns or the portrayal of them in movies?
OAKAM: In case of point of (inaudible), that literally an extension of the tradition of -- there was an old blue grass song called "Knoxville Girl," where for no reason -- it actually goes back to Irish guys who wrote folk songs.
These aren't unexploded grenades, right?
No, they're not.
Eddie, when you got that footage, what did you feel about it?
I felt getting that footage was very revealing.
What were your emotions then?
Well, I mean, clearly, I was incredibly shocked and saddened.
More guns would lead to more safety at schools?
Well, I have to say, first off, that I'm a filmmaker.
Plus, do you believe him?
What I went through was real.
What do you do to change their minds and therefore the chances of success of this attempt to change the law?
Well, Piers, what you have to understand, after these horrific shootings that we go through, what the NRA does is already start to put out all the negative stuff, and then the members, to be very honest with you, start getting nervous about it.
How many more types do people need?
Well, Piers, I have to tell you, and Representative McCarthy, thank you so much for your leadership.
How do you respond to that particular argument, which is they believe under their Second Amendment right, they should be allowed an AR-15?
I will tell you, if you talk to professionals, hunters and certainly sportsmen, they'll tell you that's probably not the kind of gun to use.
Let me -- let me ask just very, very quickly, Michael Nutter, do you believe that you can win this argument and get an assault weapons ban reinstated?
Yes, I believe in the American public.
Do you think that that could have played any part in causing him to suddenly go off like this?
We have no idea.
Did you have any information about that?
This is a semirural area outside of Albuquerque.
How many -- how many people of the three million who own AR-15s, military-style assault rifles in this country have ever used them to defend themselves?
I can't get you a number, but I'll be glad -- I'll be glad to try to find a number.
I haven't heard of any, so the answer comes back at you, why does anybody need, in civilian life, a weapon that belongs in a military battlefield, as General Stanley McChrystal and General Colin Powell both said?
First of all, the civilian AR-15 is not an automatic weapon.
Why are automatic weapons banned in America?
Because they were felt to be too dangerous.
Why are they too dangerous?
Because of high-volume of fire, which you don't get from a semiautomatic weapon.
Do you know how many bullets the shooter at Aurora, James Holmes, fired per minute with his AR-15?
No.
How many more bullets do you need to fire, Mr. Speaker, before that qualifies as a dangerous killing machine by your criteria?
Well, by my criteria, and this goes back to the question of what you respect, Piers.
What else do you call them?
This is lovely propaganda.
What else do you call it?
I would simply say to you that millions of people by your own definition own an AR-15.
Do you know how many different types of guns she has permitted to remain in legal circulation in America under any proposal?
No, like this.
So this is what this year the government is willing to permit?
Why -- why would she permit twice as many.
What is the difference?
Wait a second.
Where are you on the pistols that killed most of the people in Chicago, Piers?
My position --
It's OK if we kill them individually?
No.
Are you saying three, four, five, and that's OK?
Let my position very, very clear.
So why don't you share your real view?
Many of the other proposals --
Wouldn't you ban pistols if you could?
Let me -- let me explain what I would do.
The semiautomatics that can fire 100 bullets in a minute are not dangerous and they should be lawful?
I think the founding fathers would have found this entire debate strange because they actually believed in individual freedom and they were very suspicious of big government, and they would find the idea that you're going to permit, to use the word you kept using.
But you do agree with not permitting Americans to have automatic weapons?
I think 50-caliber machine guns would be bizarre.
Would that young man -- would that young man -- would that young men, have slaughtered five of his family if he hadn't had access to the firearms in the house?
To -- no, but now you're back to a different question.
You want to put -- so you're saying you want the state to step in?
But, Newt, my final point is he clearly didn't protect them.
It's a tragedy, we don't know all of the answers, but, you know, this is a situation where we want less Americans to be killed by guns, right?
I like your answer.
Why do you need these mass killing machines?
Here is the thing, Piers, is the fact this is the most popular rifle in the United States.
Do you ladies agree with automatic weapons being banned?
That's not the issue at hand right now, because they are banned.
Do you believe automatic weapons should be banned, as they are?
Basically, that is something that I don't really --
Do you agree with the government's decision, which is an on-going law, to ban automatic weapons?
Right now, yes.
Can you explain that to me?
Both know that the basic difference is you pull the trigger and it shoots, as opposed to the automatic.
Do you know one?
For example, yes, absolutely.
Do you believe that women should be allowed on the front line in combat in the military?
I believe -- I believe they should.
Am I basically not wise enough to America to understand why it's apparently not an infringement on the Second Amendment to ban automatic weapons, but it is to ban an AR-15 that can fire 100 bullets in a minute?
To answer the first question, yes.
It's not just me?
It's not just you.
Where is that body having the same kind of political and financial muscle?
There are some good organizations.
When you see 2,200 guns can remain even with the proposal she's got, this apparently isn't dinged deemed enough to defend yourselves?
There's never enough.
Quick question on Hillary Clinton, how do you think she fared after the Benghazi hearings?
I thought she faired brilliantly.
Do you sit easily with the mantle of legend?
No, because I don't feel like one.
Here is the question I never thought I would ask John Elway, have you ever had a fake girlfriend?
No.
Do you buy it all, from what you've seen?
I do.
So the question I guess for you now, since you are in this great high-powered position with the broncos, are you actively encouraging the Broncos now to have fake girlfriends in the hopes it boosts their play?
No, no, I'm not.
How good of a player is he?
He's a good player, a good football player.
But as somebody who has grown up in American culture and presumably around guns, when you were a youngster, what is your view of the debate as it stands?
You know, I'm still kind of waiting to hear both sides of it.
As someone who hunts, shoots, so on, for sport, do you see any need for a civilian to have one of these military style rifles that can pump out 100 bullets a minute?
No, that's one area.
But do you see why anybody would need one as a civilian?
I do not.
What mistakes did they make, the Republicans, do you think?
I don't know if you can define them as mistakes.
Where is your money going?
I can't bet, so my money isn't going anywhere.
Ravens and 49ers, who is going to take it?
Two good football teams.
Tell me briefly about that?
It's Dove Men Plus Care.
Are you comfortable in your own skin, John?
I am.
How have you come to terms with not being able to be out there?
That takes a while.
What goes through your mind?
You've just got to get away.
And what is the answer?
Well, there's no single answer.
So I think perspective probably has to be brought into this, right?
It's -- it's perspective, but it's also understanding that there are seasons.
Do you like what you see for, maybe, the second term Obama already?
Oh, I love the man I voted for originally.
America needs to find other business models, doesn't it?
Well, it -- it is.
Does it apply to any form of trauma or are there grades of trauma?
I've seen it happen with people that have lost their children.
What is your emergency?
We just had -- we just had a shooting at our school.
Ma'am, what school?
Chardon High School.
Chardon High School?
Yes, ma'am.
Where's the shooter with the gun?
I don't know.
The moment you were shot, what goes through your mind?
What I -- what I really -- what was going through my mind was I had to get out of the high school and really nothing else flows through your mind.
How did you deal with it?
I had a lot of support.
Did -- did you despair?
I mean, I did, yes.
Or what was it that they did that helped you?
Well, I had a lot of support from other people texting me and calling me that are in wheelchairs.
What was that like for you as his mother?
It really doesn't happen really.
What is the prognosis they made?
They said that they were cautiously optimistic when they came out of surgery, but -- so, we're still hoping and praying.
-- is that a very particular support group that knows exactly what you've been through?
Well, if somebody who has been through it but has an outlook that's positive.
What do you think of that?
I would love that.
Shake on it?
Yes.
Does that bring all back?
.
But aside from that, have you set yourself things that you really want to achieve?
Well, obviously, I had to -- I had to switch around my career a little bit that that I was aiming for.
What would you want to be?
I wanted to be just an electrician in the union and I don't believe that can happen practically right now.
Before you met Tony, what was -- what was your life like?
I was doing a lot of current therapies, you know, psychiatry, psychology, which I started in 2011.
Did it help, any of that?
Yes, yes.
So, you had -- why don't you tell him what your symptoms were at the time?
Basically, insomnia.
What was the rock bottom moment for you?
The rock bottom moment for me in a sense was -- it was after my second divorce, just being --I pushed so many people away, couldn't figure out why I felt this way.
What do you say in this situation?
Well, it's interesting, and we've done this with hundreds of wounded warriors and different soldiers -- inside every human being we have trauma, his is extreme trauma, and there's a personality in him that was beyond wounded.
What advice would you give him?
Well, basically, he has to take back his life.
He built a small business to start with and one of those young women that worked for him was addicted to meth, is that right?
Methamphetamine, right.
Why don't you share with him the story of how you end up in your new business?
Yes.
Why wouldn't you listen to Tony Robbins?
Things were going great.
What was that like for you?
Yes.
Or do you have a little bit of (INAUDIBLE), which is that ferocity of spirit?
I think ferocity of spirit is critical for everybody, but we all have it.
Do we all have it?
You know, we do.
Is that a good focus to look at children, to look at other things and say, "You know, what stopped feeling sorry for myself; it's for him, for her, it's for that"?
Most of it -- I think what's really beautiful about most human beings is that we'll do more for others we love than we'll ever do for ourselves.
Mike, What do you say to these people suffering in America right now?
I got to tell you, Tony is absolutely right.
But actually all those emotions are just barriers to getting back on your feet, aren't they?
That's correct.
If I ask you if you can have anyone thing: you can have good health, you can have money, you can have the fame that allows you to inspire people, what would you choose as the one thing?
I -- certainly, I think without health, you're not around to do anything.
You're not that crazy guy anymore?
No, I'm not.
How are you?
Thank you.
How are you?
I've got to say, you look great.
What do you feel about what you just watched there, yourself?
It's a little cringeable.
Has your view of addiction and how to deal with it changed in -- in the two years since then?
It's softened a little bit.
You're not -- you're not that crazy guy anymore?
No, I'm not.
You know?
You could have avoided being fired, probably.
How hard was it for you, even with all the experience you had, to have your life in this huge goldfish bowl over that period, where everybody was talking about nothing else but Charlie Sheen?
It was -- it was pretty adrenal.
I hadn't started yet?
No.
On the gun thing?
Yes, the stand you're taking is really -- it's really impressive.
How many -- how many homicides in your country last year with handguns?
Well, the last recorded year of 2011 in England and Wales was 39.
Do you understand?
I think the problem that the people face -- well, there's two things.
We have a standing army and all that, you know?
-- I get why Americans want to defend themselves at home.
Have you ever owned guns yourself?
I have, yes.
And how do you feel about that?
I'm OK with it.
But do you -- do you miss having guns around?
I miss shooting.
But I -- but I didn't -- I didn't carry and I didn't -- I didn't feel like, something that was a -- they were tools for -- for what I was using them for, not for all the negative stuff, you know?
When you see people say that, look, you can't ignore the influence of a violent Hollywood film --
-- influence people?
Yes, I think it can.
I think there's -- there's -- I think more damage can be done with a -- with a show like "Criminal Minds," where like some guy is out there planning his next big serial kill and gets the idea from some of that stuff, where it's just really twisted and evil and hard to what watch, you know?
I mean, Quentin Tarantino would argue, as he has done about his own films, that he merely reflects what is actually happening in real life.
I don't know, I wish -- I wish I had a solution and I -- and I do, and I'm sure you feel the same way, you know?
I feel very sort of frustrated, like I think a lot of people do, that you can't even have the debate.
Which is why does anyone need an AR-15 military-style weapon anyway?
Yes.
Huh?
Fighting a war.
What's your view of him?
I met him once at a party and I'm assuming he was in a bad mood, because he wasn't the friendliest guy in the world.
He was rude to you?
Yes, I'm sure people have said that about me from time to time.
What did he say to you?
I said, I said, Mr. Armstrong, I'm sorry to bother you.
When was this?
That's nice.
When was this?
And I said no, it's not nice, ass.
And that's all he said to you?
Yes.
Did he ever shake your hand?
Yes.
And then what happened?
Again, I don't want to -- I don't want to, you know, tell both sides of the story, because I don't know what he was into that night, or what was going on.
And then I just -- I -- I've just been on the sidelines with the rest of us watching the fall from grace, you know?
I mean, to me, he's one of the biggest and worst cheats in sporting history, because the number of lives that he adversely affected -- you know, I get all the Livestrong thing.
What do you think?
I think America is very forgiving if the person hasn't been like you described some of the behavior that that Lance pursued.
Which film was that?
"Major League."
Did it really?
It made me crazy.
A lot of people talk about Bonds and well, you know, this Hall of Fame thing recently that I think was kind of a bit of a disaster, you know?
Well, it was a disaster --
So, I mean, why would you put a cheat into the Hall of Fame?
Well, I don't know.
Do you forgive Lance Armstrong then?
HEEN: I'd like to sit down and talk to him and make my own opinion based on an experience with him, not just based on, you know, sideline Monday morning quarterbacking.
What's a man cave?
It's a place where you can do whatever you want and nobody bothers you.
Does it ever get easier?
Life imitating -- yes.
Because I have "Charlie Swan" coming out also, you know?
I know you did a new movie --
You're giving up Charlie completely?
I am.
In all -- in all senses?
HEEN: -- I didn't have any children, Charlie.
I think over 90, right?
Yes.
Is it more fun doing these sort of shows sober?
It's a lot more fun, yes, because you can make a lot more choices.
Do you -- do you still party much or?
Not as much as I used to.
You haven't completely given up?
No.
But, and I think that -- that can slow down the choices that -- that one can make, you know?
ORGAN: But does that really -- I've always wondered if that really makes a difference.
If you're playing a womanizing party boy, why would looking hangover be brand damaging?
It shouldn't be, but when the -- when the show is run by AA Nazis, then it takes on a different light --
So come on, how -- how do you get on with him these days?
I still haven't spoken to him.
Not a single word?
No, nothing, zero, yes.
What would you have said if you had bumped into him?
I'd have walked right up to him and said, hey, man, you know, good luck with everything.
Do you harbor resentments toward him?
I get -- yes, I just wish that -- that he would acknowledge, at some point, that he had a hand in it.
-- do you miss him?
There's parts of him I miss -- yes, because when I look back at the -- at the -- at the pilot of "Two and A Half," it was an absolute gem.
Would you?
Just for the record, yes.
Is this show good with him, do you think?
No.
Do you ever watch it?
I watched it early on.
Do you ever speak to him?
No.
Was he friendly to you?
No, he was -- he was fabulous, yes.
Are you all completely crack heads (ph) on this show?
Angus, what does the Bible say about "Two and A Half Men?"
Well, when you -- when you first saw that, what did you think?
I didn't think it was an act.
Had he shown any signs of this kind of extreme religious philosophy or?
Not even close.
It was never -- religion was never -- I think there was one episode about it, but, you know, it wasn't like a water cooler topic or anything, you know?
But when he went off like this, he then regretted it and said he wished he hadn't.
You know what I'm saying?
Yes.
So, Charlie, why did you give Lindsay Lohan $100,000?
Good question.
Did you get it back?
No, no, no.
Was she grateful?
Eventually.
Eventually?
Eventually, yes.
She's a busy young lady, you know?
She is, in many ways, someone who has gone through a not dissimilar path from you.
Or is it, in the end, the look in the mirror and work it out for yourself?
If -- the only thing that I was sad about -- if she had asked me questions about some of my own stuff, I would have gladly given her advice, but she didn't.
When you react in the way that you do, which was pretty aggressively against what he said, how did he respond to that?
He didn't.
And did that happen?
Oh, hell yes.
How did that happen?
There was a moment we had where -- I think the tour ended.
You speak to him much now?
I do.
Does he know how possibly influential he's been on your recovery?
I think so.
Which must makes him very proud?
It does It does.
Or is everyone different?
They handle it differently.
You're like, now what?
But it may save your life.
Is that always the demon on your shoulder?
Yes.
I think it just -- again, things just sort of got ahead of themselves and you start playing catch-up, trying to put the blocks back together, you know?
Because I thought a lot of it was very entertaining, if I'm honest with you.
Did you have a moment where you suddenly went, I'm not doing this anymore, or certainly not at the level I have been doing it?
It was in Detroit, opening night.
And I did, against all odds, you know?
I look at you now and I see somebody not unrecognizable from two years ago, but certainly a very different Charlie Sheen.
Not bad, right?
Perfect link to what the next segment --
Is it about horses?
It's about women.
You enjoyed making it?
I did.
Where are you at the moment with women?
With a girlfriend.
A goddess?
No, just a girlfriend.
What happened to the goddesses?
They went their separate ways.
Every man's dream or does it get complicated?
It gets complicated, yes, yes.
She's an adult entertainer?
Yes.
She's given it up?
Yes, a couple years.
Are you in love with her?
Yes, I am.
Were you properly in love each time?
I thought I was.
ORGAN: She's now in her late 20s, your daughter, right?
She's 28.
And how are your kids, your twin boys?
They're pretty good.
Do you see much of the boys?
Sorry.
How many kids?
I have five.
Are they all friends with each other, the kids?
They're becoming friends, absolutely.
When you see the influence and impact your father had on you, do you understand more of the power of you as a father to be a role model to you kids?
To a degree, yes.
Are you ready for that?
I believe that I am, yes.
What would be the number one bit of advice you give one of your sons, perhaps?
Live with the truth.
How would you go on if he brought that particular style to the Oscars?
He might want to tone it down just a little bit.
He was great at the roast, wasn't he?
He was superb.
I thought it was pretty good, right?
It was fantastic.
Did any of it hurt you?
No.
Have you seen many movies?
Not too many.
Do you ever actually go and buy a ticket and go to a movie theater?
When I was in Atlanta, I went and saw "Safe House" a few months ago.
How do they react?
HEEN: They usually wait until the film is over to talk to me, which is polite.
Are you, at your heart, a movie star, do you think?
I'm a baseball player in my heart.
That would have been the dream for you?
Yes.
Would you really?
Absolutely, at the drop of a hat.
Why is he so good?
Because he did "Fast Times" and "Dead Men Walking."
ORGAN: Who is the best actress?
Wow.
You'd have to almost -- you'd have to go with Streep I think, you know?
Just for sheer amount of amazing --
Will you be watching the Oscars?
I will, indeed.
Daniel Day-Lewis?
Yes, he's number two.
Are you still winning, Charlie?
Today I am with you.
There's no political tea leaves to be read here?
We don't have any tea.
What was your assessment?
Well, I think that she engaged.
And is there any doubt that she'll run in 2016?
I think there -- I think there's a doubt.
And I suppose the key question is, what do you collectively think can actually be achieved here?
Well, I thought it was an excellent meeting, and it went beyond just the narrow topic of assault weapons into the broader topic of gun violence in general.
Or is it true that the majority of American people don't really want one?
Well, from my personal perspective and what we dealt with in some of the things I have seen over 28 years in law enforcement, I personally don't think banning any weapon is going to stop the problem.
Do you?
Well, the problem that I see that we're missing here is we have a situation that because we're talking about gun violence at the forefront, we're missing the issue that I think is really paramount throughout all of America.
Explain to me how you think the best way of dealing with the handgun issue could be going forward?
When you say the best way, obviously, you have to look at things that are possible.
Do you see any reason why you need to have assault rifles in civilian hands generally?
I don't see a reason for it.
How do you try and deal with that mentality in a reasonable way that doesn't offend gun owners but actually works to reduce the total volume of guns rather than dramatically increase it?
ELLY: The Second Amendment is here to stay.
Can any of these laws -- from a law enforcement perspective, can any of them be properly effective if they are not federal laws?
Ninety percent of the guns that we confiscate here on the streets of New York City are coming from out of state.
Is it time for more politicians to show a bit of backbone and a bit of personal courage over this rather than worrying about their political futures?
Yes, I don't think it's too much to ask for our elected officials to vote your conscience.
How do we get this debate to the correct place where real action can be done that will have real effects on curbing gun violence?
Well, that's exactly the 64,000 dollar question.
Really?
I don't accept that you have to start some place.
Isn't it?
Well, that's supposing that their conscious tells them that's the right thing to do.
But do you agree that the answer to gun violence is categorically not to reduce the volume of guns in circulation?
Yes, I do agree.
And yet you're aware that obviously every country that has brought in tough gun control, almost without exception, around the world, from Japan to Australia to Britain, has seen dramatic reductions in the amount of gun murders and gun-related crimes?
Right, but if you look at -- the United States isn't even in the top ten of leaders in the category of violent crimes, Piers.
Presumably -- I mean, do you agree or disagree with the ban on machine guns, for example, automatic machine guns?
Well, that's a reasonable restriction.
And that's why I don't understand why you're comfortable with banning one and not the other?
It's not a question of what I'm comfortable with.
What is the difference?
The AR-15 is semiautomatic, Piers.
Dana, other -- Dana, other than keeping guns in people's hand -- I have your point on that -- what would you proactively do to reduce gun violence?
Tougher penalties for criminals who kill people with illegally obtained fire arms.
Did that answer your question?
Charles --
How are you?
I'm just fine, Piers.
What is your verdict on what he announced today?
Well, you know, I'm just absolutely thrilled that we've got the president talking about solutions and also I'm very grateful that we've got a bipartisan effort in the Senate to try to address the issue that America, the United States has been facing.
How do you plead to that charge?
Well, you know, I'm not going to plea to any charge.
What is your position on where we are with the gun control debate, and what do you think may actually be done to try and deal with America's burgeoning gun violence?
Well, you know, it is terrible, unimaginable tragedy has taken place in the United States in regards to people, I believe, that have mental health issues that have created terrible tragedy.
How did you feel on a human level about that moment?
Piers, I didn't see that interview.
Do you genuinely not believe that America's gun crime rate would fall if you removed guns from circulation rather than increased the volume of guns in circulation?
I don't.
As an American, what do you feel about the fact that they believe that right supersedes anything else including, you know the rights of your son to not be murdered by that weapon, if you take it to its logical conclusion?
Well, I want to make it very clear.
In reality, how successful are the NRA at doing that?
Well, they're much less successful than they used to be, and that's the point that I'm trying to make to my colleagues.
Do you think that people's views would change if they, too, had to go through what you've been through?
I most certainly do.
Why did you do it?
Well, a number of factors led to this.
Why?
Well, first, let me make it very, very clear that the sheriff is not the law enforcement officer that has jurisdiction over the Milwaukee Police Department.
How on Earth does that kind of rhetoric to the American people serve any kind of sensible, rational purpose?
Well, first of all, I object to the Hollywood voice.
In your time as the sheriff, how many people in Milwaukee, to your certain knowledge, have defended themselves and their family at home by firing a firearm?
I don't have those statistics.
Or are you just going to continue to talk over me?
ORGAN: I'm not sure how honest it can be if you haven't got a clue about any of the statistics involving people defending themselves with firearms at home in Milwaukee.
What is your reaction to what the sheriff was just saying?
ARRETT: Let me make a couple of quick points.
Sheriff, do you support the background check?
I didn't interrupt you, mayor.
Yes or no, do you support the idea of background checks for all gun trades?
What I support is a prosecutor's office and a judiciary that hammers the people who illegally use a firearm in the commission of a crime.
Can you answer the question?
-- start by enforcing the laws that are on the books first before we start penalizing law abiding citizens.
I mean, what is the nature of the specific allegation?
From what I've been hearing from referees that are on the field -- and everybody is off the record because they don't want to -- they fear retribution.
Is there a better way of doing the grading system, a more transparent way, perhaps, so that you can avoid this kind of innuendo and smearing?
There's always a way of getting better.
And Casper, did you see him with firearms or were you aware of him having firearms?
I was told that he had firearms and I know of a party that he had shot at.
Were you therefore surprised or shocked when you heard what had happened?
No, I wasn't.
What was your reaction watching your good friend?
Well, it was pride, and you know just my heart was full.
Is there any realistic chance of, say, a renewal of the assault weapons ban?
Well, I think we have a realistic chance at getting some common sense reforms passed.
What was your takeaway from the day and the sort of level of optimism you may feel about actual action being done?
Well, my jurisdiction surrounds the entire city of Baltimore and as you stated the Baltimore has -- the city itself has seen significant, you know, gun violence as well as other cities across America.
That has to be enough, doesn't it?
Right.
How do you respond to that?
Well, I had to be like that way because during those times it's hard and you had a lot of games there, you know, in the area where we were living.
Sad, isn't it?
Yeah, it is.
So come on, why wouldn't you let your daughter call you dad?
Well you had all those kids running around hollering around and hollering, dad, dad, dad, you know, and it gets to be -- it sounds kind of funny to me.
But do you have any regrets that you may have been a little bit too tough on some of them?
Well, I'm glad I was tough, because look what I came out with.
What would you say to her afterwards?
Well, Paris is -- even Michael said, she a piece of work, you know, because, most girls are hard to raise.
Are you as tough with Michael's kids, because he is not around, as you were with Michael and his siblings?
Oh, no.
Really?
Yes.
Do you see Michael in them?
In Blanket I do.
Really?
Yes.
Where were you when you heard that Michael had died?
I was -- I was in Las Vegas.
What did you do when you heard that, after you took the call?
Well, the saddest part about the whole thing was, Michael tried to reach me He says call my father.
Did you know he was doing that number of shows?
Yes, I did know he was doing that number of shows.
As his father, how did you feel when he was accused of abusing children?
Well, you know, that -- there was a reason why that happened.
Do you wish he had never done that?
I wish he had never done that.
But did you ever worry that the perception of what he was doing wasn't good for him or his image?
Well, Piers, Michael was a big old kid himself.
You never saw anything that concerned you?
There's nothing concerning.
Really?
Yes.
Or what is it?
Well, they've got motives, you know.
Do you still love each other?
Of course.
What's the truth?
ACKSON: The truth is that they had a big fight up there.
Or are you going to try and protect that, make sure they are not too rich too young?
I don't think you can get too rich too young.
What would you like Michael's legacy to be?
I'd like his legacy to be what he wanted to be.
What else would you like to say?
I've got a documentary coming out and it's a big one.
And what is the thesis of the documentary?
"Journey in My Shoes".
The point is the gun, isn't it?
Well, I think that is a big -- a big part of it.
-- which is do you agree with that Sandy Hook father's premise that the right of his child's life supersedes any rights under the Second Amendment to own a high-powered magazine or an assault rifle?
Well, I believe life is the most precious right.
Kellyanne, I mean, unless I'm mistaken, you share the view that the NRA put out, which is that you don't solve the gun violence problem in America by reducing the number of guns?
Well, I just first want to say thank you to Van Jones because I couldn't have said it better myself, and I agree with everything he said.
The big question to me is, who is actually going to stand up and realize the more guns you have out there, the more gun violence?
For me, that is also a no-brainer.
I mean, is that the worst thing that could be said about a country?
Well, it's certainly good to hear that from the Jamaican government.
How are you?
I'm fine.
What can you tell me about those developments?
Well, we won in the appellate court, a reversal of two of the four misdemeanor convictions, and Miss (INAUDIBLE) and I are preparing, even started today, we will be filing some more pleas in the appellate court seeking further relief to dismiss all of those remaining two charges.
Did Casey see the movie?
I did watch the movie.
And did Casey herself see the movie, do you know?
You know what, I don't -- I spoke with her.
How are you going to try and work through this in terms of client management and changing public perception?
Well, I guess there's so many things we have to worry about changing in society.
How do you change people's mentalities about some things that they're just married to?
I mean, one of the ways, of course, could be that she gives an interview, perhaps to me on this show, and speaks honestly for an hour about her experience and tries to communicate with the American public who still doubt her innocence.
Obviously, the case, the trial tore them all apart, but has there been any repairing of the damage there?
I don't think so.
How is she coping with this on a human level?
The best way I can describe it is with anxiety.
And if she does, what is the kind of reaction that she gets?
She does not have current exposure.
You would do anything for your child, wouldn't you?
Yes.
Can you shed any light on this, David?
I think it's all mysterious.
Has she had another wardrobe malfunction?
Yes, I think so.
It's like the ultimate thing that you would wish for?
USSELL: I'm very proud of it.
How are you?
Hi.
Do you plead guilty to all those descriptions?
I'm going to have to read over them again but --
Are you rude?
Well, unintentionally, yes, unfortunately.
Are you dirty?
Well, I mean -- I'm not dirty.
Are you foul-mouthed?
Yes.
Are you going to try and change that?
Yes, I am working on it.
Are you going to try to be better?
Yes.
Are you sloppy?
Yeah.
Are you sexy?
No.
You don't think you're sexy?
No.
Really?
No.
What do you think when you look in the mirror?
Well -- I -- I just -- I'm just trying to figure out what to do with what I got.
Vulnerable?
Yes.
You're the best actress in the world right now?
Thank you.
What happened?
My pants fell off.
Your pants fell off?
Well, wait, somebody trips me on the way.
Your pants?
Yeah.
How are you?
I'm in good shape.
What is your view of this debate right now and what should be done?
Right.
Does it depress you that even following a massacre as we saw at Sandy Hook School, there are still so many Americans who want no change at all?
Well, you know, they're not evil people.
The NRA you're talking about?
Yes, I'm talking about the NRA.
Why are politicians so cowed by the NRA?
Because they marshal money for the opponents, and they have been successful in defeating candidates.
Where does it need to get to quite quickly, do you think, to maybe get back on its feet properly?
Well, I believe that we're not doing enough to deal with the national debt.
Why were you so animated?
Well, firstly, I want to say this: I don't think he's anti-Semitic.
So why would we want to jettison -- which is really the way I feel he's acting -- the only democratic state in that area that we can rely on, Israel, in exchange for having the sheikhs and the kings and the presidents in Egypt and Lebanon and Syria and Iraq toasting with orange juice Hagel's appointment?
In terms of the Israel/Palestine situation, I mean, do you think that any kind of lasting peace settlement can be achieved without --
You want me to tell me the truth or do you want me to stroke you?
No.
Can only they change it or do the Israelis have to also give a little bit?
Of course, the Israelis --
When you see it now, is it as bad as it's ever been, do you think?
Worse.
Could we be facing our first female president?
I am for Hillary.
Bill Clinton would still be president, wouldn't he?
Well, I am for term limits, but I'm for three terms.
Who would be the next mayor of New York?
Well, I am for Christine Quinn, but it's a wide open race.
Pretty tough act to follow, isn't he, Michael Bloomberg?
Very, very tough.
How am I doing?
Not too well.
What do you say?
It's on a subway stop, too.
What was the thinking behind that?
OCH: It is the only operating cemetery in Manhattan.
When you look at your own grave, which is something that very, very people ever do, Mr. Mayor, what do you think when you look at it?
Well, I want to tell you, I -- I'm secular but I believe in God.
Is that what it says?
Yes.
What has been your biggest failure, do you think?
I'll tell you.
That was in Harlem, wasn't it?
Yes, it was.
As a kind of rookie myself in the world of Super Bowls, why is this one going to be special, as the commissioner seems to suggest?
This is a great Super Bowl.
What are the big issues surrounding the Super Bowl that you think America will be talking about?
Yes.
What else do I need to really be an American watching the Super Bowl on Sunday?
The beer is very important.
What's going to be in the Piers Super Bowl celebration here?
I -- well, guacamole reminds me of mushy peas, which we have in chips in England, so maybe I'm a guacamole kind of guy.
Pat, how are you?
I'm fine, Piers.
How are you?
Very good.
Where do you put this one?
'BRIEN: Well, the Super Bowl in America is -- should be a national holiday.
Well, the one where they all have to wear helmets and padding, right?
I know.
What is really going on between these two?
I think you're exactly right.
But where are you seeing this one go?
Well, I used to like the 49ers a lot until I got here.
Or is it really time that the sport got to grips with this and did something about it?
No, I mean, the -- yes, good question.
If you were running it, would you bring in any new regulations to try to limit the impacts?
There's only so much you can do.
Tell me what you were thinking as it began to fall apart?
It -- I didn't feel anything, which is actually a lot worse because then I had this like blank look on my face.
Is it actually ripping?
No, it's a tiered dress, which I didn't understand until I was like, why can I see my thighs.
When you were a little youngster, what was the dream for you?
I had a million dreams.
But tell me about your upbringing, your family, and what they make of all this?
I grew up in Louisville, Kentucky.
How do they feel now?
Now they're very relieved.
What does she have, Jennifer, that takes it to that kind of level?
I think there's a soulfulness that's immediately there.
How many seconds did it take to say yes to that kind of thing?
About half a second.
What me?
No.
My God, this doesn't get any better?
I'm Jennifer's little monster.
Maybe, Jennifer, you could explain to me why Harvey's a rascal?
I don't know.
Oh, God, what are these pictures?
You and nincompoop.
In terms of acting, who are your great inspirations?
Well, Meryl Streep, obviously.
Can you get past Bradley's good looks?
Yes.
How does it work?
He gave me tips once of -- on trying to stand my ground more and try to be like, no I want this.
Who do you think, David, is, pound for pound, the best actor in the world right now?
That's a horrible question to ask a director.
That's like choosing your favorite baby?
That's like asking your favorite baby.
You're talking about actors and actresses?
Yes.
What do you think?
Yes, I agree.
Am I right?
Every girl loves a British accent.
Isn't that true?
I also love England.
You've spent a lot of time there, haven't you?
Yes, I have.
You eat fish and chips?
Yes.
And, Mark, it appears to me that the players are slowly starting to trickle back on the field, is that your assessment as you're looking?
Yes, the official -- the ball sits at the 40 yard line.
Do you like what you see for maybe the second term Obama already?
Oh, I love the man, I voted for him originally.
America needs to find other business models, doesn't it?
Well, it is.
Joe Carter?
Don, I can barely hear you, my man.
Ma'am?
We've got a school shooting.
What school?
Chardon High School.
UNIDENTIFIED 911 OPERATOR: Chardon High School?
Yes, ma'am.
The moment that you were shot what goes through your mind?
What I -- what I really -- what was going through my mind was I had to get out of the high school and really nothing else flows through your mind.
How did you deal with it?
I had a lot of support.
Did you despair?
I mean, I did, yes.
Or what was it that they did that helped you?
Well, I had a lot of support from other people texting me and calling me that are in wheelchairs.
What was that like for you as his mother?
.
What is the prognosis they made?
They said that they were cautiously optimistic when they came out of surgery, but -- so we're still hoping and praying.
Very particular support group that knows exactly what you've been through?
Well, if somebody who's been through it but has an outlook that's positive.
What do you think of that?
I would love that.
Shake on it?
Yes.
Does that bring it all back?
Yes.
But aside from that, have you set yourself things that you really want to achieve?
Well, obviously, I had to -- I had to switch around my career a little bit that I was aiming for.
What would you want to be?
I wanted to be just an electrician in the union and I don't believe that can happen practically right now.
Before you met Tony, what was -- what was your life like?
I was doing a lot of current therapies, you know, psychiatry, psychology, which I started in 2011.
Did it help, any of that?
Yes, yes.
So you had -- why don't you tell him what your symptoms were at the time?
Basically insomnia.
What was the rock bottom moment for you?
The rock bottom moment for me in a sense was -- it was after my second divorce, just being -- I pushed so many people away, couldn't figure out why I felt this way.
What do you say in this situation?
Well, it's interesting, and we've done this with hundreds of wounded warriors and different soldiers.
What advice would you give him?
Well, basically, he has to take back his life.
He built a small business to start with and one of those young women that worked for him was addicted to meth, is that right?
Methamphetamine, right.
Why don't you share with him the story of how you end up in your new business?
Yes.
What was that like for you?
Yes.
Or do you have a little bit of (INAUDIBLE), which is that ferocity of spirit?
I think ferocity of spirit is critical for everybody, but we all have it.
ORGAN: Do we all have it?
Yes, we do.
Is that a good focus to look at children, to look at other things and say, "You know what, stop feeling sorry for myself; it's for him, for her, it's for that"?
Most of it -- I think what's really beautiful about most human beings is that we'll do more for others we love than we'll ever do for ourselves.
And Mike, what do you -- what do you say to these people suffering in America right now?
I got to tell you, Tony is absolutely right.
But actually all those emotions are just barriers to getting back on your feet, aren't they?
That's correct.
If I should (INAUDIBLE), you can have any one thing, you can have good health, you can have money, you can have the fame that allows you to inspire people, what would you choose as the one thing?
Certainly I think without health, you're not around to do anything.
Jeremy, how has business been in this gun store since the Sandy Hook massacre?
We've increased our sales four to five times.
Why are people reacting to such an appalling massacre are raising out to buy more guns and ammunition?
So I can't speak for any other state but Texas.
For self-defense for your home or self-defense of your property?
Your home.
Do you believe any guns should be banned?
I do not.
Why?
It's not guns that kill people.
But do you believe that the more guns there are in America the safer the country is?
In the hands of the right people, yes, yes.
And what are we going to start with?
Let's start with the JP Enterprises, semiautomatic, AR- 15.
And this is the pure unmodified semiautomatic?
It is.
I have to try to flip it into an automatic?
No.
It's a bog standard, if you like, AR-15?
Right.
And that's perfectly legal?
Yes, it is.
So all of this is perfectly legal to any American who is not a felon or has a history of mental illness?
Correct.
Somebody who knows really what they're doing, how many rounds could they fire in, say, a minute with one of these?
Well, you know, with reload, maybe 60 rounds or so.
Sorry?
LCEDE: The -- the true cyclical rate if you had unlimited magazine, then it could shoot about 400 rounds a minute.
Two hundred?
If I had to guess.
Do you think that's a good idea?
For law-abiding citizens, I think it's an excellent idea.
And that's the only difference?
That's the only difference.
How sophisticated is it -- I mean, how difficult is it for somebody who knows what they're doing to take an AR-15 and make it like an automatic?
Well, you have to have drill well the inside of a receiver, of course you have to have the right receive.
But the parts can be bought legally?
Yes, they can.
You could buy them separately?
You can.
But if you're in a confined area like a movie theater, you don't really care, right?
Well, no.
And the guy -- the guy at Aurora used an AR-15 and I think he had what's called a slider device?
LCEDE: Slide Fire Stock.
What does that do to an AR-15?
It allows the weapon -- it's even less accurate than this and it's really hard to actually shoot.
How many bullets does it allow you to fire?
Well, technically it shoots about 650 rounds a minute.
And you sell them here?
Right.
Of all the arguments to have one of these, home defense is probably the least plausible from your point of view?
For me in the home, what people are talking about is, you know, the way this world is going that the military and United Nations are going to come in and try to take our guns.
Do you really believe that?
I don't know.
Can you imagine U.S. Marines charging on to your property and try to steal your guns?
I would hope not, but if it's an executive order --
But do you think the American military would attack its own people?
If they're forced to.
And do you think that's what many Texans feel about why they would need a weapon like this?
They want it because they are law-abiding citizens and they know it's legal to purchase it now and it won't be legal later.
Easy to use?
It is.
What will it cost me?
These run anywhere from $25,000 to $45,000, depends on the make and model.
What is the rate of fire of one of these?
It's about 900 rounds a minute.
OK?
You sit like this.
Why would any civilian want -- need one of these?
This is an investment.
I could buy that from you?
You could.
What was your reaction to what he said?
Well, it seems to be more show than reality because it seems like on the very same day the majority leader came out and said that they're not going to pass any assault weapons ban.
Do you support 100 percent background checks -- universal background checks?
No, the problem that we have with regard to the background checks is that current background checks are not working.
In principle -- in principle of universal background checks, do you support that?
Well, the principle of ensuring that criminals and those who have mental issues do not get their hands on guns are very important.
Can you guarantee that?
What we need to do is enforce the laws and take measures to crack down on violence, to help those with mental challenges, to put the criminals behind bars and prevent criminals from getting a hold of guns in the first place.
Would you support a ban on magazines that have more than 10 rounds?
Absolutely not.
Why?
Because look at the Texas border itself.
But has any Texas rancher, to your knowledge, ever been confronted with a Mexican drug cartel?
Absolutely.
When?
Every month you'll have --
With Mexican drug cartels and Texan farmers?
Yes.
Do you agree with the fact that you can't legally buy, in most places in America, machine guns, you know, warfare style machine guns?
Sure.
Do you support that?
Well, that's a ban that's in place.
Do you support it?
We have been fined with that ban.
Why?
However --
Why do you -- why doesn't that breach your constitutional rights?
Well --
What is your definition of an assault rifle, given I can legally buy that here and kill 300 people in one minute?
Well, first, I think that any Texan has a right to be able to purchase one of those weapons.
What did you feel when you heard about this in terms of what Chris was trying to achieve?
I didn't -- I still -- I guess I'm still in total disbelief that Chris is gone.
But against what?
Against a lot of things.
The guy who put a gun to my head -- have you ever had a gun to your head?
No.
Have you ever had a man look you in the eyes and say I'm going to blow your head off?
No.
Why would you have needed an AR-15 in that situation?
You're missing the point of what I'm saying.
Do you fear tyranny, genuinely?
No, I don't fear tyranny.
Were they looting?
It was limited looting.
What is your answer to the parents of Sandy Hook who had their children blown to pieces about how you are personally, through the instrument of your radio show, going to try and make America a safer place than it was?
Simple.
Armed teachers or armed guards?
Either one.
Do you believe the NRA agrees with this?
Do I believe that the NRA agrees with -- I don't know what the NRA agrees with me or not.
Am I wrong?
It worked out.
What did we change?
You have actually people in your country that decided long ago that they didn't want to have one man over an entire nation.
Am I wrong?
Let's get back to this issue.
Let me ask you, do you know why there are no shootings on planes in America?
Because we have armed guards.
Is that your understanding?
That is my understanding.
Wasn't that fun?
Firing weapons like that that are incredibly powerful, I've never really done it before.
If the answer isn't very convincing, why the least we couldn't do to those poor families who lost people to that weapon is not just remove those from the equation?
Well, a number of things.
What don't I understand?
You don't understand that it's a simple inanimate tool that tens of millions of American families own, that have never caused a problem, never had an accident and will never commit a crime.
It's not a minor aberration?
You are so full of crap.
Do you care about murders or do you only care about murders with guns?
I care about all death.
Which of his proposals do you agree with?
Well, I think I can frame it best by identifying the scammer in chief who claims that just to save one life would be worth this.
Isn't it worth it?
He had a chance to save four American lives in Benghazi and refused to do so.
ORGAN: Do you agree with universal background checks?
Absolutely not.
Why?
Because the government doesn't need to know who has what.
Do you think America is going to be safer because gun stores like this are selling so furiously and so much faster weapons and ammunition, increasing both in America?
Absolutely.
Do you know the two countries which have the highest per capita rate of firearms per civilian?
America and Switzerland, I believe.
No, do you know what the second one is after America?
No.
A gun free zone in all these cities where the slaughter rate is the highest of anywhere, including Yemen?
Let me give you some countries, Australia, Britain, Japan, Canada.
Are you sure of that?
I wouldn't want you in a tank.
What can you tell me about what we now know about this?
Well, you know, it's a very chilling reminder, Piers, of just how dangerous this whole situation was, especially when this dramatic rescue was carried out by federal agents.
Can you confirm that?
Right, yes.
How is his mother?
She is -- right now she's wonderful.
Do you know how he is?
No, I haven't seen him yet.
The moment that you heard he was OK, where were you and how soon did you speak to Ethan's mother afterwards?
I was actually working and was in Troy, Alabama.
So you think he was plotting this all the time?
I do.
What have you been able to do in the last week to try and bring her any kind of comfort?
We have prayed a lot together, we have talked, we have cried together, we've hugged.
What is your reaction to what happened today?
I want to start tonight, Piers, by speaking if I can for a moment about the importance of the significance of this date.
What is your view about the longevity of Stand Your Ground as a law in America in any state after this case?
I think that there's two things that come to mind immediately.
And I thought, what on earth are these weapons doing in civilian hands?
Yes, and that's --
And what is -- what is your answer?
Right.
Now my question to you again is, if your brother had not gone out with a gun that night, you must surely accept that Trayvon Martin would still be alive?
You know, there's no telling what would have happened.
Were you?
No, I wasn't there either.
What is your view?
You know, for me, it was a really interesting situation two years ago being there when the young man used a semiautomatic Glock, but the problem was he used an extended magazine.
Well, who are these people and why won't they wear this?
You know, I think one of the things that happened that was really great was seeing Gabby last week at the Senate hearing and saying, we need you to be brave and we need you to be courageous because Americans are counting on you, but the problem has been we have Democrats in places like Arizona who are afraid to touch this issue because they're so petrified that if they come out and say, we want to have responsible and commonsense changes to gun safety laws, that they're going to be hammered back at home as being anti-gun.
Would you concur with that overview?
Yes, absolutely.
What is that?
It's basically -- well, the contract is for the Scientology's clergy, which is called the C-Organization.
Known as C-Org?
Yes, yes.
This is like the higher executive level of Scientology, right?
Yes, it's scientology's most dedicated followers.
But what is the reality of this?
The reality is that like these pictures, like, you know, these are all rows that we dug, all plants that we planted.
How long were you doing this for?
From when I was six until I was 12.
Would you call it child labor?
Absolutely, it was.
How many hours a day would you have to do this?
We did the labor for four hours a day every day, except on Saturdays we did it all day.
How much of your parents were you allowed to see?
We saw our parents once a week.
Did it feel normal because you were around everybody else doing the same thing?
Yeah, I mean, it was normal.
How did that feel to you?
Well, at the time it was my decision to stay.
In six years?
Yes, yes.
Did you have much to do with him during this period?
ILL: I mean, I definitely saw him throughout.
Is he an evil man?
Yes.
In terms of how the evilness, if you like, manifested itself, how would you articulate that?
I mean, as a child, you know, of course, the labor that we've already, you know, spoken about.
That was because he'd gone to China and he'd seen this happening in Chinese schools and liked the idea of it?
Right, yes.
Looking back, you must feel completely brainwashed?
When I look back, yes, definitely.
Do they let anybody go on the ranch, any outsiders?
I think that the church sold the property, so they no longer own it.
Presumably they have places like this elsewhere?
Yeah, but the church has a rule that C-Org members can't have children.
What is your reaction to people like Tom Cruise when you hear him speak like that?
I mean, I think that either he does know what's going on and he's not talking about it or he is willfully ignorant about it.
Any child labor?
Things like that you wouldn't run across there.
Do you think these celebrities are being duped?
I think that partially.
You have a couple of children, I think?
Yes, yeah.
Have you had any direct feedback from him since you left?
No, he hasn't spoken to me since I left.
What about any of his immediate family?
ILL: No, I mean -- well, I mean, my dad -- I mean, not the Scientology ones.
Do they have any contact with him, with David Miscavige?
No.
So basically once you're out of the church, as far as he's concerned, that's it?
Yes.
What should happen to the Church of Scientology?
I mean, it should be exposed for the organization that it is.
And to people who are watching this and saying, well, how do we know she's telling the truth, what do you say to them?
I mean, read my book.
Has it been hard to repair the relationship with your parents, given that it was almost nonexistent through all those young years?
I mean, I've definitely had questions about it and certain things that I didn't understand.
What is your view about all the various views put forward about how to make kids safer in schools with the gun debate?
Well, you're absolutely right, that it is of preeminent importance that we make sure that kids are in a safe and secure environment in our schools.
Do you like the idea guns around children generally?
Absolutely not.
Something has to be done, doesn't it?
Absolutely.
ORGAN: What are the overview bullet points you would like to see happen which could radically change America's education system to start making it more competitive?
So there are three primary things that we focus on at Students First.
You got to pay them more to get that kind of teacher?
Well, teachers don't go into the profession because of the money.
But I think too many of them may leave if they feel disincentivised, right?
That is exactly right.
Second point?
Second point is we have to empower parents with information and with choices, so that no family ever is in a situation where they feel like they're trapped in a failing school.
And Dick Morris, how are you?
I'm a little battered and bleeding, but --
Is there any rational explanation for why you got it so wrong?
I absolutely believed it, and so did a lot of people.
How can a pundit who is as experienced as you, with great respect, be so wrong when this guy just sits on his computer, crunching the numbers and data, and gets it completely right?
Well, (INAUDIBLE) when he was a mayor of New York, said, I don't make many mistakes, but when I make them, it's a beaut.
How does that make you feel, given you've been so respected for so long until this period?
Well, I have gotten 30 senators and governors elected, 14 presidents and prime ministers.
You mean Hurricane Sandy?
Yes.
Well, I prefer to believe that CNN's polling was accurate, wouldn't you?
I think all the polls should be taken with a large pinch of salt.
Was that why FOX let you go?
No, but --
But they must have told you, isn't it?
Well, I had a wonderful talk with Roger Ales, who I really respect, a week ago.
Why have you been singled out?
I don't know.
But do you know the answer?
No, I don't.
Do you resent the decision?
Look, FOX has given me the opportunity of a lifetime.
It's got to annoy you that Karl Rove gets to stay there, doesn't it?
Piers, when --
Should the party's stand then for a woman's right to choose was to trying to keep the numbers low, is that what you're saying?
No, I'm saying that they're not going to do that, and that's their opinion.
Where does the party stand?
But what I am --
What's the Republican position then?
Pro life.
What you're saying is, they need to move from pro life to pro choice, albeit trying to reduce the numbers?
Yes.
Am I right?
No, you're not.
-- that so many states are moving that way?
My view on gay marriage is that if a state decides to go for gay marriage, the legislature of the voters, that's great.
What's your personal view?
I don't believe that the court should jam it down anybody's throat.
What's your view?
That if people want it, they should be able to do it, but it's got to be a decision of the community.
It can't have endless people on both sides ripping each other's position apart, so that people (INAUDIBLE) when it comes to an election, people go, what do they actually stand for?
What we do stand for, Republicans do stand for, and it's becoming very clear, and we need to be much stronger on this, is holding down spending and debt.
Should Boehner - should he be replaced?
Well, I don't -- a fight of that sort now would be destructive.
Where do you start with all that?
Well, I thought he was graceful, first of all.
Never mind specific weapons, but the culture of gun violence that has enveloped America?
Well, I -- you know, I think we have to really start with the laws.
But is there a will amongst the politicians, Kerry Kennedy, to get this done?
I was up on Capitol Hill today, and speaking to 15 members of Congress, and all of whom have said that they are for this legislation.
What is your solution or idea for how to reduce gun violence in America?
Well, the most important thing is to keep lethal weapons out of the hands of criminals and the mentally ill and people who would perpetrate that violence.
What is the big deal in extending the limitation, in the light of these mass shootings, to include assault weapons, assault rifles?
Well, the AR-15 is a civilian version of the military rifle, and is widely owned legally by the civilian community right now.
What is the argument against banning them?
They're not the military version.
How does it feel to be an icon?
I'm not sure.
Of all your amazing successes with all these incredible artists, what's the one, if could I relive it for you again -- you have like five minutes to live and I could say you can have one moment with any of these artists, which one would you go for?
Incredible moment, Kanye West in my office rapping his entire album to me, just like we're sitting here, right.
ORGAN: Did you know the moment you heard it, this would be huge?
Yes, absolutely.
Is the Kim Kardashian move good for his brand or devastating?
I think it is great for his brand.
What's wrong with that?
Let's talk about Beyonce quickly, the lip syncing debate.
It had to be, right?
I would think.
Who is the worst judge on television at the moment?
Oh, dear.
Why is that?
You know, I did it.
Who is your money on for big award winners?
Without really being specific to categories, I can tell you the songs that really sort of resonated with me.
What is the very latest on this manhunt for this very dangerous man?
Well, the sheriff's department just came out and spoke with reporters.
Or do they fear the whole thing has been a trail he's laid down to put them off where he really is?
It's very difficult to tell.
What else can you tell me about the kind of firearms he may have?
The police have been vague.
Is it some anniversary of his time with the LAPD?
Something very significant.
Is that what the police think they're dealing with, somebody who just has been harboring resentment and is now settling scores?
It's a little difficult to tell because the people we've spoken to are people who knew him in much happier times, that he was much more bubbly, much more normal.
It's a pretty worrying situation, isn't it?
It certainly is.
What is your overview of what is going on here?
Well, the circumstances today were certainly extraordinarily tragic.
When you hear the nature of that threat, what do you -- what do you think of that?
Well, certainly very chilling, and now that we know that he in fact is acting out on his concerns even more significant.
Do you remember him?
First off, we don't know what the catalyst was.
And you probably gave it to him when you met him when he was about to go off for military service, is that right?
That's correct.
Any idea what that could be about or do you assume it has to do with the fact that you happen to be running the LAPD when he got -- he got laid off?
Actually I only became aware of this other package about an hour and a half ago.
It's about 18 miles east of Los Angeles?
That's correct, and it's very high mountains, very rugged mountains, and -- so if he's up in that area, incredibly difficult terrain to try and explore and search.
What is the best thing that people can do if they have any sighting of this guy?
Well, certainly I think as the police forces in the California area are encouraging citizens, one, if you see this individual, and he's a very distinctive looking individual, huge.
Have you had any dealings with him?
No, the captain, if I understand it, had retired prior to my time at the LAPD, it was in the period of 2002-2009, so I had no awareness or any exposure to him.
And from all you've seen, from this manifesto that this gunman has put out, this alleged gunman, what is your reading of his state of mind and his motivation?
There's a tremendous amount of evidence of somebody who is extremely confused in this 6,000-word manifesto.
What is going on here?
Clearly, this is not about attention.
Did you know her father?
Yes, I've known Monica and her family since Monica was about 11 or 12 years old.
Was that ever something she was concerned about?
No, no.
Is everybody in a state of terror about this?
Yes.
Are you any nearer to knowing?
I think we're 12 hours from the snow starting so we should know exactly at this point in time.
What day would that fly be?
Tomorrow morning.
Where do you think we are with this whole gun control debate right now?
Hard to say because there are so many aspects to it and so many different positions.
What is wrong with forcing through something which actually reduces the ability of the criminally minded and the mentally deranged from getting their hands on this gun that I'm currently being seen firing here?
Absolutely no harm done if you do that, if you do it right.
First of all, what was your reaction to him being fired by Fox and being called the worst pundit of last year?
Well, Dick is a friend of mine for 20 years.
You mean Hurricane Sandy?
Yeah.
Or is that really just a convenient excuse?
No, it's somewhere in the middle.
What was your reaction when you saw that?
I'm a very, very big Marco Rubio fan.
I mean, at what stage does the drone activity cease to be legitimate targeting of terrorism and become a kind of glorified, very brutal, very lethal fishing expedition?
Well, it has to be done very carefully, very uniquely.
And they'll be curious, what kind of emotions do you go through when you hear of this kind of thing?
I'll tell you, I share that mother's joy.
What kind of advice would you give his mother if you had the chance?
I would say surround yourself with family.
Have you had the chance to talk to Jaycee about what happened with this little boy Ethan?
Jaycee and I talk, yes.
How is her progress coming along?
Active in the foundation, as we all are.
And her two little children, how are they doing?
Very well, thank you.
Are they able to lead a kind of normal life now?
That's what the privacy is all about, is the ability for them to live as normal a life as possible.
Does part of you wish he had, too, lost his life, when eventually the kidnapping was exposed?
You know, I don't place a whole lot of thought on that.
Ali, what is the situation now?
Chris, I'm losing you because we've just had a major, major intensification of this storm.
They could get up to three feet, right?
It feels like all of these three feet are falling on us right now, Chris, as we speak.
Poppy, what is the current condition?
Absolutely, it's under a state of emergency.
Nothing like anchoring your first show in a blizzard, right?
Poppy, thank you very much.
Ashleigh, what's the latest?
In fact, it's already happened, Chris.
Help us give us a sense of why this blizzard is a concoction of these two fronts, what it means and where it's moving?
One low pressure center, Chris, brought the cold.
How are you managing right now?
I'm a little worried about they say coastal flooding right now, but the mayor, he said, no, it's only going to be two feet.
When did you expect to move back in?
In a matter of a week.
Are you concerned about that?
Very concerned right now, but so far, it looks good.
Anybody coming out saying they lost power, or so far so good?
Yes, about six hours ago, even before the snow started coming down, Chris, we were told that 800 customers were without power.
What do we know?
Some guns.
How will that play into how they strategize in this manhunt?
Well, in many ways, this is -- this is going to be a traditional fugitive hunt.
How does that play into making this a difficult task for Mr. Dorner, hopefully?
Well, this case obviously is getting national media attention.
Isn't that a fair assessment?
WECKER: It is a fair assessment.
Is there anything in there that fuels this sense of revenge that Dorner says he has?
There's absolutely no basis in reality for his complaints that he was mistreated, that there was any kind of police corruption.
Do you know anything about that?
Yes, I did read about that.
So how do we catch him?
We do know that he's paranoid.
Can you hear us?
Yes.
What is the current situation for you there?
Current situation is we have blowing snow and heavy snow coming in Boston now.
What has the response been like?
We have a 24 hour service at city hall, 635-4500.
On the phone with us, Mr. Mayor, what is the latest for you?
Well, it's obviously a very serious storm.
What reports are you getting so far?
You know, I just finished the command staff update, and we have no power outages whatsoever.
Coming out of sandy, to the extent there is any silver lining, what did you learn there that helped prepare for this one?
Look, I'm really proud of the state of New Jersey as a whole.
What are you recovering from already?
Well, I lost a lot of stuff in my house.
Is everybody OK so far?
Well, everybody has fear, you know.
All the best in the recovery out there, OK?
Thank you.
I got you on the phone, pastor?
Yes, Chris.
How are you doing this evening?
I'm doing well, thank God.
Let me ask you, how is everybody dealing with the anticipation of what may come with this blizzard?
Everybody is really nervous.
Have people left in preparation for this storm or is everybody still there?
Some people did evacuate.
What do you need?
The things we need right now are mostly proteins and food.
What do we know now?
Chris, it's about halftime.
Chris?
Chad, thank you so much for that.
Should there be a criteria -- you know, should we elect a politician who's 89?
I think we need to recognize that we're living longer as Americans -- as people in the world.
So do we have to stop being less politically correct and just call it as we see it?
Well, I think it goes to performance.
Yes or no?
Yes, I think so.
I think this is about (INAUDIBLE), right?
But we also get to select.
When do we take somebody's driver's license away?
When they can't drive.
Is it OK to call people out for being overweight?
Yes.
No, but you're asking, is it OK?
The people eating more Big Macs isn't necessarily driving us to --
Why don't you do it?
Well, the --
First of all, do you have any promise whatsoever that this SEAL came out and told this story?
Well, we're getting into dangerous stuff when we start giving away secrets and things like that, but I think what it goes to is these guys aren't treated well when they come home.
So, can we blame somebody who is brought up in this generation -- can we expect anybody anywhere in any capacity to keep anything private anymore?
I got to be honest with you, I think Stan nailed this one.
He's going to get nothing from it?
ALE: This man doesn't get a pension.
Does a woman in the public eye have an obligation to make a statement to her fans, to young women who follower, say this is not okay?
Yes.
Did you see, he was the only one not standing for Ocean when he got his award?
Oh yeah, but that's the problem -
So, we have a problem with Rihanna, what she's doing, and not with what Bobby Brown did?
Chris brown.
How much have you heard about Demi Moore lately?
Yes, not anything.
What's the problem?
I don't think she's having a great time.
I mean, Lindsay Lohan, would we be talking about her if not for her hijinx?
When I was watching the Grammys last night, I was looking around at the guys saying who is her next target, because that's just how you view her.
Am I wrong?
But she does -- when you say that, it makes her sound like a man eater.
How old is she?
She's like 23.
Are we not getting it, nipping it in the bud?
No, when I was a kid, my parents wouldn't even let us have water guns.
I feel like we're probably, if I had to guess, not going to end up getting background checks done, right?
I don't even know about that.
Military people are people's heroes because they hold guns?
In large part their job -- we talked about the hero before that killed Osama bin Laden.
Do they even matter anymore?
No.
You can't -- but what can we do more now, Stan, across the board, early on, to start to detect some of the mental problems in this country, the mental -- horrible health situation in the country so we don't get to this point?
Well, there's a big stigma on mental health, first of all.
If they had a technology now that early on could test children for various mental disorders, would you say that's invasive or OK to do?
Oh my God, I'm investing in that company.
When are we going to start talking about the awesome?
All right guys, we got to take a break here.
Are these people just wasting their time?
Of course, they can get it back.
Yeah, once people make their decision, if anything, Abby, doesn't it backfire on them because now you look at them and go, they're just cashing in?
For the most part, but I think Joe Paterno is different than like a Casey Anthony because Joe Paterno has so much good will to stand on.
Or am I just being naive?
That's what Gary was talking about.
Doesn't he look like a cruise guy?
I just went on one.
ALIE: Have you ever been on a cruise?
Three times.
Has Samsung now taken the lead?
Not Samsung.
Guys, does everybody have a problem when you're out to dinner and everybody's going like this?
No, it's fine.
So, Kim McKerreghan and Mary Poret, your daughters have known each other for years, and did you have any concerns about them going on vacation together?
Oh, not at all.
What was the communications?
The last time and the only time I've heard from my daughter was on Monday.
But what did they tell you?
Monday I told --
I mean, what do you want to make it better?
Right now I think we just want them home and want them in our arms.
Did one of you bring antibiotics?
I sure did.
So as an American traveler, what do you got?
You don't have a lot.
Does insurance really help you?
It does a great deal.
Don't we have to have some perspective here about how many thousands and thousands do go out on the waters and it's OK?
Yes.
Can you give us that?
Yes.
Are we going to have to see a lot of sales for people to go OK, I'll board again?
It's a terrible sight thinking of people trapped on a ship with limited food.
In your opinion, are they doing enough?
Yes, I think what -- you can judge that once everybody is back home and see how they actually react to the complaints, react to any oversight the government tries to impose or any --
Is that wise to do to come armed with antibiotics even though you don't know if anyone is sick?
Yes, I don't think so.
So which is the most pressing?
Absolutely.
Can you imagine?
-- that's not very -- no, I can't.
But I do wonder for a ship with 4,000 people on board, how many medical personnel you do have there on a regular basis and can they handle what their -- what is presented to them?
Yes, they usually have just one physician on board, at most two physicians.
How are you?
We're fine.
Did you, by any chance, hear what the president said in the state of the union regarding gun control and did you have an opinion about what he said?
I did watch the state of the union address last night.
When you hear about gun control, and obviously this is a huge issue -- it was before, but even more now, did you feel a certain way before the shooting and now drastically different or no -- regarding that issue?
I wouldn't say drastically different, and I'm not an expert in any aspect of guns.
So your issue is more about the types of guns that we are allowed to have legally, not about the people who are getting weapons illegally?
Again, I think it's a much broader topic than just that.
And the Sandy Hook promise was supposed to be a discussion about what to do, but also you guys have an idea about how to let people in Newtown, even on Valentine's Day know that the rest of us are thinking about them?
Exactly, Robin, yes.
So when you say rise up, you mean what, demonstrate or dance or?
No, dance.
So when you see that, how does a one-day event where people are moving -- how does it have the potential to impact, first of all, those young lives in that picture and the others in the 205 countries taking part?
In the weeks and months leading up to this date -- I didn't in the beginning.
Are you going to be back?
It's kind of Rupert Murdoch that's been marinated a long time in Ted Turner.
Ted?
Yeah, Ted --
Do you have some picks?
Well, I'm a voting member of the Motion Picture Academy, so I see everything.
By the way, how can the viewers take part if they wanted to?
Well, tomorrow, but in some places tomorrow is already today -- starting on the 14th, which has already happened in Samoa, where they're rising, and the Philippines and Australia, where they're rising, go out in the streets and join your fellow country people and dance and pray and chant and sing and say no more, no more violence against women and girls.
But the environment may be one of them, yes?
Oh definitely.
So when you heard the president speak last night about climate change and that we must do something about climate change, was that enough for you?
You know, no, no, no.
How do you pronounce it?
I don't know.
You know, when your wife says nothing, nothing, honey, you know not to fall for that, right?
I fall for that.
You guys want to step in?
Sure.
Identify yourselves?
I'm Betty.
Three generations of family?
Yes.
So what was it like?
It made you appreciate hot water, flushing toilets, electricity.
But you came through it as a family?
NIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We did.
Were you worried at any point it might not end this way?
Yes, the first night was rough because we were tilting very badly.
The ship was listing, right?
Yes, very badly.
And what was it like for you guys?
For me, it was really scary because it's never happened to me, and it's my first cruise.
Good to have your mom and grand mom and everybody with you, so you were safe?
Yes, ma'am.
So, are you going to go on a cruise again?
I actually have one booked in June for Alaska.
How do you past the time?
I had packed some cards.
Are you, and are you going to sue them?
I feel like they didn't start off right.
Did you think they kept you informed, and do you feel you were constantly given the right information?
It was constantly changing.
Are they safe and sound if they're feeling OK or not?
Well, I think the most important thing is definitely get to a warm shower, a nice bed, and get some rest, because honestly, time will tell what we're going to see in the next couple days from this.
This is Rusty, right?
Yes, sir.
How do you feel?
Excited to be on land.
Do you think you realized because of this and because of what happened, maybe if it was a regular cruise you might not feel this way, and now you appreciate them in a way you didn't?
Yes, ma'am.
Your mom and dad, what was it like to see her?
Oh, my word.
Where are you headed now?
To the hotel to eat, I hope.
This was your surprise 40th birthday party?
Yes, it was.
What did you have for food?
They fed us lots of food.
Which would you prefer, a shower or a toilet?
Well, and they got the toilets working today, so we have been using those but probably a hot shower is probably what our pro priority is.
So how was it?
It was kind of crazy, for sure.
AVIDGE: And where are they right now?
They're back in Kansas City, in Topeka.
I mean, how is it we see you and other still people waiting?
He's a platinum member.
And what has it been like just in the past few hours here waiting to finally finish this ordeal?
It's -- well, today, the mood kind of turned negative, as everyone started listening to what was happening onshore.
You know, just tell us about -- was that a cathartic type of thing?
Yes, tweets are just cathartic to me.
You actually have a coat and are not freezing?
I have a sweater on right now, but I brought about five books and eight magazines and we have read them al cover to cover.
Did that happen for you also?
Oh, absolutely.
What was the -- if there's a moment, you talk about what was the worst single thing that happened and maybe the best single thing that happened to you?
Well, the worst was -- I'm going to have to say the fire.
You know?
Well, get on that.
How do you feel?
Glad to be on land, for sure.
Yes?
Yes.
To get on the bus to go to New Orleans?
New Orleans, and then fly out tomorrow to South Carolina.
That we're almost home?
LOVE: When we could see land.
And not to say you're the trouble maker, but this did not go in any way that this family thought, did it?
No, but it was 2 1/2 days of great fun, and then the rest of the time, it was family coming together, bonding.
Did you really feel the rough seas?
At times, yes.
And how do you feel?
Grounded.
Has it finally sunk in?
No, when we were standing at the doors, I said, it still doesn't seem like it's happening.
What do you do?
Pray.
Did you meet new people through that?
Yes, yes, we did.
What happens after the sun goes down?
It was creepy.
So will you ever go again?
Probably not.
How do you get that out of your mind?
I probably won't, but I don't know.
Are you friends or dating?
We're friends.
How did you spend the time?
A lot of cards were played.
Was it there?
The first day, we slept at 6:00.
You think everyone got along well?
Not everybody.
Was there an organization to the day?
We tried to sleep a lot.
Are you going to save the robe?
I am.
Rachel, what happened that you need to be rescued?
Well, I need a kidney, so I need to do dialysis.
What did they do?
LDERETE: They got the Coast Guards and transferred me to another boat, another ship.
Why?
Yes, she was supposed to come also, but the current -- the water was too choppy.
Look, you're smiling in the picture, but I can't imagine you were smiling during this ordeal?
We -- at that time, you know, we were just playing around or whatever.
How long did it take before you got your dialysis?
I think they had said eight hours.
Given what you have been through, $500, a free flight home, a refund for your trip, and a credit for another cruise, does that cut it for you, or is that something that's just not going to really assuage the concerns you have for what you have been through?
To me, I'm fine with that.
So what do you think about one of your fellow passengers suing Carnival and saying that she suffered all sorts of damages, from emotional to physical?
Well, you know, honestly, you know, in spite of what I went through, they were worse than I was.
And yes, you know, I was suffering a little bit on Monday, and then when I got to my dialysis and was home on Tuesday, but they were the ones who were more, you know, in pain and suffering, you know?
Well, you are an amazing lady.
And what?
Well, actually, they gave us a different bus, so we were on a whole other one, and we had to wait for it.
And we've been looking at some of the pictures that you've been taking and the last we just saw of you outside the plane looking like you're having a whole bunch of fun with it -- were there some people who weren't quite as positive as you and were really angry after all this?
You know, I think each person on the ship had a different experience, and that caused certain reactions.
Do you back her?
Well, I would say I don't know her personally, and if she really went through all that, that sounds like a horrible experience.
So, somehow you're going to have to get between point A and point B. Are you going to use a vehicle of some sort?
Well, I think I'm going to enjoy the sun a little bit right now.
Was there ever a moment when you truly did believe this was an extraordinary danger?
We have said this before.
I'm trying to figure out, how did it come to pass that you went from being terrified to being extremely frustrated for a number of days?
Well, I think the lack of information initially, they just kept saying it's a little fire.
Tell me what was it like?
The kids had fun.
So, characterize for me why some people were upset that the booze started to flow, and other people thought there should have been more?
I don't think that there should have been more.
It's great you had personal contact with him, but what was said?
I don't know.
All I hear is that these were the most incredible people to handle an emergency, and do you think that's why there are fewer people who are really angry getting off that ship?
Absolutely, because you knew you could always find someone.
Did you have any idea how many people were watching as you were coming to the end of this ordeal?
As we got service, we started to hear bits of it.
Are you surprised at the attention?
Yes.
What was that like?
You know what, that was very interesting.
Will there be a second annual divas cruise?
I think there will be.
How does it feel to be an inspiration for literally people who are disabled the entire world over, as you are now, thanks to the Olympics?
Yes, I think it's a massive blessing.
It's like of all the things to choose, why that?
Oh, actually, I met him at the Paralympics, and I watched that -- your interview with him and -- and I had a long chat with him.
What did she say to you?
She was just crying.
And do you understand that argument?
I'm actually really good friends with Michael.
What do you think?
No, it is definitely a debate that needed to be brought up.
Are you going to run in Rio?
Yes, we're going to -- that's the plan.
In your experience with this kind of thing, would that entirely surprise you, or is there often a copycat element to these kinds of massacres?
Well, if I was to understand, I'd say you've asked me a compound question.
How does America move to a safer place, do you think?
EGG: I'm with the group United Physicians in Newtown.
Has anything quite prepared you for the horrors that you saw that day in December?
No.
As one of the people who had to quite literally pick up the pieces of some of those children, what do you say by response?
A couple of things.
What do we do about this and what do we do about the connection between clear mental health issue and the type of gun violence we saw at Aurora or Sandy Hook or these other massacres?
I have profiled so many fugitives on "America's Most Wanted" that were on parole or probation, a guy that we caught several years ago, Joseph Duncan, who is a suspect in four murders of children, an entire family to get at a kid, to kidnap their 8-year-old daughter and 9-year-old son, released and was able to get a gun every time.
Final question, very quickly, who will stand up to the NRA?
I think every person, and I -- most people I know don't know their two U.S. senators, other members of the Congress, they have to say, I will never vote for you again.
Did you and your girlfriend ever consider having an abortion, or were you always determined to have the baby?
We're always determined to have the baby.
So when you heard that her parents were adamant that you would not have the child and that they wanted their daughter to have a termination, how did it make you feel?
Well, it didn't surprise me from her father, but her mother, yes, it surprised me.
Did you have arguments with them?
No, I mean, I tried just to keep my mouth shut.
What is the precedent that's being set here, do you think?
Well, the precedent has been around for a while.
How important is the "Roe v. Wade" ruling in this case?
Well, you know, as Stephen said the -- you know, we like to say the "Roe v. Wade" decision goes both ways.
Do you have the determination to be a good father?
Yes, I definitely have the determination to be a good father.
Do you plan to get married?
Yes, sir.
And do you think that you can repair the relationship with your in-laws, as they will be, or your girlfriend's parents?
Yes.
Do you believe that they will in the end come around to being loving grandparents?
Yes, I can see that.
What do you make of this case?
Piers, I definitely understand how the parents feel, because I think they probably understand that when a teenager is pregnant -- she's 16 years old -- and her boyfriend, the father of the child to be, is 16 years old, it's going to be the most important economic turning point in that girl's life, if she takes the pregnancy to term and gives birth.
You get together like a little club, isn't it?
I was saying in the Green Room, it would be really nice if the family members of first families that are living really get together, have their own party at the White House for a charitable cause that they like, instead of always listening to the fathers and whomever get together and do something good for the world.
Is it a special day for you?
No, it's a special day for all Americans, piers.
Should it be an impediment to him being president?
AFT: I do not.
And should the American media, on behalf of the public, cut the president a bit of slack?
OOVER: Well, the governing principle with all presidents and the media is transparency and keeping open lines of communication.
And what would he have done about it?
You know, when he put together the tax break of 1981, he called Tip O'Neal in the White House and had dinner.
What would he have made of the modern day Republican party?
Well, all descendents can get in the trap of saying -- pretending like they know exactly what their -- whatever their presidential relative would have said.
Do you think that the bipartisan style of previous presidents is just, for whatever reason, not happening?
Well, my great grandfather struggled in his relations with Congress, because he really was a reluctant president.
I'll start with you, John, if I may, what do you think is the primary purpose of a president of the United States?
I -- I think it's the same as the leader of any organization.
Would you agree with that?
I would agree with that.
Margaret, what would you say is the point of being a president?
I think I agree with Mr. Taft and I agree with Mr. Reagan.
What is your reaction to what's happened?
Yes, thanks for having me.
Do you still feel the same way given everything we now know?
Yes.
Or were you surprised when you saw that trackside interview?
To be honest, I was surprised.
I mean, did you feel you knew the real Oscar or did he keep himself pretty close?
For me, I just know him on a competitive nature.
But would you be very shocked if it turned out that Oscar himself had been abusing steroids?
Yes, I would.
How are you dealing with the millions of women that have been attracted to you since your Olympic appearances?
I haven't had much time to think about that.
Did he ever share anything with you?
Never -- he never went into detail to -- with me about the situation.
And, Blake, finally, I mean, do you think that you'll ever see Oscar run again?
Personally, I don't know.
Do you believe it?
To be honest with you, that's not up to me.
What is your assessment so far?
This is a very unusual case.
From a legal point of view, would you think it's credible?
From a legal point of view, if it's believed, it is absolutely credible.
There may be some other types of circumstantial evidence as the things that may have led up to this, but ultimately the judge is going to look him in the eye and say, do I believe you?
And we don't actually know yet what the other evidence may be.
All that will come into play, won't it?
Absolutely.
What are the main discoveries that you made about Adam Lanza, do you think?
His progression into darkness from a skinny kid, bushy haired, Cub Scout, computer geek.
And Alaine Griffin, are these warning signs that should have been picked up by any authorities, do you think, or is he one of those that we've seen so many cases of, who slipped below the current radar?
Well, I think if you look at Adam's life, you know, he started off in school.
Did Adam shoot?
Yes, they all did.
Really?
Yes.
Should she have done more, do you think, to get him treatment?
Well, she bears a lot of responsibility.
And Alaine, tell me more about what we know about how the guns were stored and also tell me, if you can, about this suggestion that he was trying to emulate and indeed compete with and beat other mass shooters including Anders Breivik who killed 77 people in Norway?
Yes, well, "Hartford Courant" reporters Dave Altimari and Ed Mahoney today reported that investigators did find news articles that talked about the massacre in Norway.
And in terms of where his mother kept the weapons, what do we know about that?
Well, you know, we talked to -- one of the thins about Nancy Lanza, she didn't let too many people into her home.
Do you go along with that?
I feel strongly that way.
First of all, have you seen the film "Zero Dark Thirty"?
I have.
I found it utterly compelling, but was it realistic?
I think Kathryn Bigelow makes great movies.
How helpful is that, in reality, to the SEALS and their operations?
I think we'll have to see long-term what effect or impact it will have on our capacity for work and our ability to execute our missions.
What is your view?
You know, it's a challenging issue.
What is wrong ideologically with guns being regulated the same way?
Well, there are regulations on gun.
I just don't get and I am not hearing a coherent why they should be so easily available to the likes of Adam Lanza and the killer in Aurora, to just walk in to Walmart and take one off a wall?
Again, as I look at the places I've traveled in the world -- and I'm with you in that I've traveled to a large number of countries in the world, and a lot of the most dangerous places in the world -- and a lot of those spots are where the civilian populous in the nation isn't armed and they're challenging dangerous places and they're ugly in many ways.
How are you?
I'm doing great.
So it is still there, isn't it?
Totally.
You still think that?
Yes.
Don't you feel it's moving quickly?
I won't say quickly.
Which one?
You should become a politician.
Do I believe him?
Yeah.
The Oscars on Sunday, are you a fan of the Oscars or is it just a load of the whole theatrical drivel, do you think?
If it is a good show, I love the Oscars.
Do you ever fancy hosting it?
I don't know.
The dates?
I have a lot of things going on.
What is your immediate, very short reaction?
First of all, 1:00 in the morning, there he is, this is a good time to say you're bisexual, because, you know, 1:00 in the morning, everybody's --
Where are we left here, do you think?
When we were listening -- we're in court this morning and we were listening to the state's case, you know, we were all thinking, oh, you know, that's it.
She has such this multi-facetted kind of career that she was building for herself, but what kind of woman was she?
Reeva was -- she was exceptional.
How did you hear that she had died?
That's very hard.
How would you sum up the atmosphere given the appalling circumstances of her death?
It was terrible.
When did Reeva tell you that she was dating Oscar Pistorius?
Well, I saw it in the -- in the news first, and that was about only two months ago.
How would you describe the family reaction to him?
I think the family are devastated.
Any suggestion that it was a volatile relationship or anything about all that?
No, Piers, you know, we were all in shock that Reeva died the way she did.
Do you or do the family think that is a possibility?
You know something, Piers, I -- that is what in my heart I hope and wish is the truth because I would not like to think that my cousin suffered.
And finally, Kim, how would you like Reeva to be remembered?
For her sense of humor, for her kindness, her magical presence.
Where are you with this?
Well, obviously I don't know.
What evidentially have you seen which can be backed up by any apparent fact which actually says he did murder her?
Well, let me start with the affidavit, and this is like a little inside dirty secret in the legal profession.
Piers, really?
Well, I mean let me come back to Alan.
Vinnie, very quickly, finally, just tell me the one thing that you have heard which you believe points to his guilt as a cold- blooded murder?
He shot first and asked questions later is his explanation.
Where were you when you hear the news about what Adam Lanza did at Sandy Hook School?
Piers, I was at work when I -- I had I heard the -- the, you know -- the ongoing coverage all day long, but I was at work when I found out about Adam Lanza and, sadly, my friend, Nancy, who I knew then, who was no longer with us.
Was that your impression?
I just -- you know, I knew she loved her son.
What kind of woman was Nancy Lanza?
She was a wonderful friend.
Why would she feel the need for all that?
I don't know that it was that she felt she needed them.
And what does that tell you, I guess, about the problems with dealing with mental health perhaps in relation to gun violence?
Well, as far as Nancy goes, she was -- you know, she was trained in how to use a gun and in proper gun safety.
What was your reaction to what Vice President Biden had to say?
Well, I was rather shocked that he said such a thing because basically I've taught about 7,000 women how to shoot.
What would your response be to that?
Well, I agree with him that I think an AR-15 is not something that the normal, average citizen should have.
When you heard Joe Biden say what he said, what did you think of it?
Well, as you know, I am a gun owner, and I do own a shotgun.
This one goes in your bra?
This goes into your bra.
Are you content that more and more women buy weapons through this kind of direct marketing that they're like the next Chanel handbag?
UIGLEY: No.
What do you say to people that believe that is the only solution?
I don't agree that's the answer either, Piers.
Patrick, how has it been dealing with his loss?
It's -- it's a mixed sort of bag of feelings because, you know, the three of us, we're the best of friends.
How do you feel when you hear him talking?
Well, it's that wonderful bittersweet.
Was that your understanding?
Hundred percent.
But did you see that side to him?
Never in my company.
Did Oscar have good reason to always fear that somebody may break in and cause him harm?
Definitely.
And killed her because he was having a human rage?
Like said, because, you know, the onus is on -- is on Oscar.
And will you be seeing him if he does?
That's up to the state obviously.
How significant could that be?
Well, it's possible.
Do you think he should get bail?
I don't think he should get bail.
Do you really believe that?
We know he's responsible for the death.
How are you?
Fine, Piers.
But, I mean, if an American president retired on the grounds of exhaustion, they'd be ridiculed, wouldn't they?
Well, I think it was not only exhaustion, but he said that he was just not mentally able to handle the challenges that were required of his job, which is an enormous job.
Do you take that as a compliment, or is it kind of a veiled insult?
Well, I take it as a compliment.
Has the role of president changed dramatically, do you think?
Yes.
I mean, when you look at the challenges facing President Obama and the way it now works in the modern age, what do you think of it?
It's changed dramatically.
Seriously?
When I ran four years later against Ronald Reagan, who was challenging me, we didn't raise any money.
Extraordinary, isn't it?
So the change has been brought about, it's primarily because of a massive infusion of money into the political campaign.
Does that corrupt the political system?
It corrupts the whole political system.
What do you think has been the greatest achievement, and what do you think has been his greatest failure to date, and what would you like to see him do in this second term?
Well, I think in his second term, he'll obviously have to be a lot more liberated from political constraints than he was before.
And I said, what about his greatest and worst moments as president, do you think?
Well, I wouldn't -- I don't think he's had a worst moment.
Are any drone attacks acceptable?
I can't disavow all of the drone attacks, but I would really like to see some intermediate step.
What have been his great achievements?
Well, I think -- I think everybody says Obamacare or the new health program is a major achievement.
Have things improved or deteriorated, or are they about the same?
About the same.
And did he actually say thank you for winning me the election?
I don't think he said, winning the election, but thank you for helping me win the election.
Final question for this part, do you think Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2016?
I don't know, but she -- I think -- let me just say that I don't know what she's going to do, but she has done an outstanding job, I believe, as a secretary of state.
How accurate is it from your memory?
Well, let me say first of all, it's a great drama.
Had that third one not gone down, do you think it would have saved your presidency?
I think so.
How did you feel about that?
That was one of the happiest moments of my life, when on the reviewing stand in front of the Capitol, when President Reagan was making his acceptance speech -- his inaugural speech -- I was told secretly by the Secret Service that the hostages had taken off, they were on their way to Germany, free.
Did you agree with him?
Yes, I do.
Is that a sensible way forward for America, to let the international community to take more of a lion's share of international incidents like in Libya, like in Egypt, whatever it may be?
I think so.
Should America be a little bit more insular, be more selfish?
I don't think so.
Does everything in the end come back to Israel and Palestine?
Yes, I think so.
Can any deal be done that doesn't involve sitting across a table with Hamas?
I've met several times with Hamas' leadership.
But at what point should America consider military action, and what type of action would be acceptable, do you think?
Well, I would hope that we could avoid military action there.
What should be done about him?
Well, I'm not sure that -- that what you just said is true, because I have always doubted that Assad could be overthrown in this sort of early stage.
What do you make of this debate post the appalling atrocity in Sandy Hook?
Well, for a long time, I've advocated a prohibition against assault weapons and against magazines that hold multiple bullets and also armor-piercing bullets and things of that kind.
What should President Obama do to try and get through another assault-weapon ban?
Well, you have to put the full, you know, influence of the White House behind a subject this controversial and deal with every senator and every Congress member on an individual basis and see what they need and what they want and maybe use, you know, most persuasive effort.
Has it become your greatest achievement, do you think?
I think so.
Could you have cracked it?
Oh, well, we're going to have some more cases come up later on in the year, but we -- we're cutting down it, and eventually, very soon, we'll have zero cases of Guinea worm on Earth.
How is she?
She's doing fine.
If you could write your own tombstone, what would you like the wording to say?
I think "Peace and Human Rights."
Who walks away with the gold guy?
I don't care what makes you so curious (ph).
What's the significance of Pistorius getting bail at this stage, do you think?
You know, I don't think it surprised the legal experts.
Should we read anything into that or is that a consistent thing in South African law?
It's not.
Is that the sense you're getting among South Africans?
It is.
Do you have absolute confidence that Oscar is telling the truth?
No, like I said before, the onus is on Oscar.
What is that?
It's basically used to fight the means of fatigue and tiredness.
What can you tell me about Oscar and alcohol?
Look, that's the magistrate's decision and what the magistrate wants during this bail, after this bail application.
He does drink alcohol then?
I'm sure when he goes out and goes for dinner with his friends and family, we'll have an occasional drink, but he's not an alcoholic if that's what you're asking.
Are you ready for the next stage?
We don't know.
What are your concerns?
I have to read the conditions.
Would you say the reality is he would have alcohol just not to access?
Look, I mean, that's obviously something he would do in his private time or he's off time.
Have you reached out to him or any of his family?
Briefly, I spoke to his brother, I called, just to send my wishes and that my thoughts are with him and his family as they are going through a hard time.
And if you did, what did you make of him?
Piers, I didn't know him intimately.
Had Reeva given you any indication of any problems with Oscar at all in the whole time that you knew she was seeing him?
I tried to keep my discussions with Reeva on a business level.
How big could she have become do you think?
She was on the brink of explosion.
Why don't you believe him?
Well, Piers, I think the magistrate raised substantial questions today.
Alan Dershowitz, your response to that?
Well, there are holes in his story and if the holes are validated by the empirical evidence, by the forensic evidence, he'll be convicted.
Without that, is it fair to convict him?
Absolutely, because motive is not necessary to prove.
Alan, we left viewers in a cliffhanger there, you were accused of going backwards, backtracking, what was your response to Gloria?
I don't even know how to go backwards.
Why did he have to fire four shots?
That's like apples and oranges.
Why not just one shot?
The four shots thing I find a bit of a misnomer in terms of an argument against Pistorius, if he genuinely thought it was an intruder who is about to attack him, or fear for his life, you look at the number of cases in America where there are states for stand your ground.
Why didn't he see if his girlfriend was OK and help her to run out the door?
What are you saying, Gloria, it's based on calm, rational thought.
Isn't the reality in the heat of the moment, nobody knows how someone is going to behave?
That's right.
Is it a lot more volatile than we may imagine?
I don't think the public image is misleading.
Does he like them to the point of obsession, I mean, how would you describe his relationship with guns?
I think he was obsessed with his own safety and his own vulnerability.
Did you get the sense that occasionally he would drink a lot?
When I was with him, it was in the lead-up to the Olympics, to the London Olympics, and I think he had some wine around the house, but he very specifically told me he wasn't drinking at that time in those months, because he said I train so hard, alcohol has the impact of diminishing your training a little bit, and why should I give up anything, even for a glass of wine, because I am working so hard to be as fit as I can be.
And in terms of his behavior around women, did you see anything untoward in that regard?
I didn't.
What do you think of skewing it towards a more musical performance?
I hear the length is quite long.
Ben, the musical stuff is fine, but if you're skewing it to a younger demographic audience, is it sensible?
They are balancing it with having the cast of "The Avengers" present, Daniel Radcliffe will be presenting, as well as there's a tribute to the 50th anniversary of James Bond.
But do you see any surprises there?
Not at all.
Another mention for Quvenzhane, the young girl?
My favorite film of the year.
Are we all agreed?
Short answer, no.
Where's your money, then?
I can't bet against Steven Spielberg.
What went through my mind when I fell down?
Yes.
What was -- what was your most memorable moment of the whole day, do you think?
I think -- well, I think probably it's going to be the memory that everybody is going to remember, and that's Jennifer Lawrence, you know, tripping as she goes up.
Why is she getting a bit of a kicking?
Well, I think it's a little unfair.
Why are we so bitchy about Anne Hathaway?
You know, it's funny because we have this conversation at the show all the time because I'm always in defense of her because I have loved interviewing her and I think she's very sweet ad she --
And what were you thinking?
I was apparently trending worldwide on Twitter, I was told momentarily.
Are you -- are you leaping around the room, are you making acceptance speeches?
No, not really.
Yes?
It was very unusual.
Is there any truth to that?
I did a cover story about Seth in 2005 for "TV Guide" and look, I've always, always found him to be a very interesting character.
I mean, Krista, are you a fan of Seth MacFarlane last night?
Yes, I'm a big fan of Seth's.
How could you forget him?
I know, it's a lack of sleep.
You like to see people uncomfortable?
Yes.
That's how you have to react to these things, isn't it?
Yes, it is kind of true.
What's your loser face?
(SMILING)
Do you practice your loser face just in case the camera pans straight to you?
No, that I haven't.
Do you think it's bad luck?
No, I just didn't think of it, but I'll start right now.
Have you got one?
Just kind of a glazed smile, you know, yes, followed by some kind of protein bar.
Give me the face?
Then I giggle.
Who was the Piers Morgan choice?
You know what, very interesting.
Should she have been there at all?
From my vantage point, absolutely not.
What do you say to that?
Let me fill you in on what the first lady's strategy has been on this kind of thing.
Why are we getting so exercised about it, Donny?
Obviously, she can, Piers.
Why not?
If she ever does that, I will come back on your show and I will physically eat my book one page at a time.
If you were advising them, Washington Incorporated, about their brand, how do they get the message that America is sick and tired of this kind of behavior?
I actually don't think Americans are victims here.
Why does America need to have this astronomical ongoing defense budget when you have more pressing things at home to worry about?
Absolutely.
Sybrina, how are you planning to commemorate Trayvon's life and death tomorrow?
We're going to attend a candlelight ceremony here in New York.
Where do you see it right now?
From all the senseless gun violence that's been happening since our son's tragic loss, it's -- it's time for America to take a look at our gun laws, do something with the gun laws, take a look at the people that are purchasing guns, people that they are giving gun licenses to, because it's just too much senseless violence, just overwhelming the homes right now.
How do you tackle that kind of mentality in light of this debate about Stand Your Ground?
Well, Piers, you try to be very open and honest about them.
Because if he's not held accountable, what message does that send to the next child that's killed, unarmed, on the ground?
A difficult question for you, Sybrina, but I want to put it to you anyway.
In other words, if at the end of this trial George Zimmerman is exonerated of illegally killing your son, would you be prepared to publicly accept that verdict?
Well, that's something that we have always asked for.
What did you make of that, first of all?
I think it is interesting, Piers, that we heard the official statement that says the Holy Father is sick, that the Holy Father is frail.
When you put it all together, where are we left here, do you think?
Well, I take the Pope on his word.
Is celibacy really any longer a sensible thing for the Catholic church to enforce upon the priesthood?
I think it is for those who are called to be monks, to be religious.
I mean, is it time, in short, we had a more modern thinking Pope for the modern era?
Well, let me respond to the statement about homosexuals in the clergy.
If you were advising them, Washington Incorporated, about their brand, how do they get the message that America is sick and tired of this kind of behavior?
I actually don't think Americans are victims here.
Why does America need to have this astronomical ongoing defense budget when you have more pressing things at home to worry about?
Absolutely.
Sybrina, how are you planning to commemorate Trayvon's life and death tomorrow?
We're going to attend a candlelight ceremony here in New York.
Where do you see it right now?
From all the senseless gun violence that's been happening since our son's tragic loss, it's -- it's time for America to take a look at our gun laws, do something with the gun laws, take a look at the people that are purchasing guns, people that they are giving gun licenses to, because it's just too much senseless violence, just overwhelming the homes right now.
How do you tackle that kind of mentality in light of this debate about Stand Your Ground?
Well, Piers, you try to be very open and honest about them.
Because if he's not held accountable, what message does that send to the next child that's killed, unarmed, on the ground?
A difficult question for you, Sybrina, but I want to put it to you anyway.
In other words, if at the end of this trial George Zimmerman is exonerated of illegally killing your son, would you be prepared to publicly accept that verdict?
Well, that's something that we have always asked for.
What did you make of that, first of all?
I think it is interesting, Piers, that we heard the official statement that says the Holy Father is sick, that the Holy Father is frail.
When you put it all together, where are we left here, do you think?
Well, I take the Pope on his word.
Is celibacy really any longer a sensible thing for the Catholic church to enforce upon the priesthood?
I think it is for those who are called to be monks, to be religious.
I mean, is it time, in short, we had a more modern thinking Pope for the modern era?
EESE: Well, let me respond to the statement about homosexuals in the clergy.
Where do you feel this debate now is in America?
I don't know on that.
What do you hope to achieve by what happens tomorrow?
I hope to achieve, for people to be responsible fully for what weapons they own.
Yes, but why do you want your pizzeria full of people armed to the teeth?
It actually makes me feel more safe.
Why?
It makes me feel more safe because these are responsible people.
So people who could walk on their own two feet and who can drive a car are not mentally ill or criminals?
They're innocent until they're proven guilty.
-- to the Second Amendment?
I think it's being eroded.
Do you know anybody that he's asked to remove their gun, to confiscate their gun?
Personally, I don't know them.
You are quite happy for American civilians to march into your restaurant with rocket launchers, arriving in armed tanks and perhaps carrying a few Uzi submachine guns, is that your position?
Well, the thing is I don't trust our government.
How are they going to do that, with the American military or without the American military?
Well, it really isn't our government that I'm worried about, it's something bigger than our government.
Which part of the world do you imagine is right now marshaling its troops to invade America?
I'm not saying they are going to do that.
How many of your customers share your views, do you think?
I couldn't tell you a number on that.
And that's why you're doing it, to make money, isn't it?
I am trying to make money because that will -- how it's supposed to work is I can save money, and then I could use it later in life to support me when I put my work into society.
How many people have been shot in your restaurant since you've owned it?
Zero.
I mean, putting aside this particular case, wouldn't you as a compassionate lawyer just feel that this is just not working?
Well, I'm not saying I agree that justifiable homicides have increased.
Do you feel in the end that it will be seen as that once the trial has been and gone?
First of all, we're countering it by trying to get out more of the information that should have been out at the beginning.
Are you confident from everything that you know that in the end George Zimmerman will be seen not to have done that?
I believe so.
-- and now suddenly is gripping everyone, what do you make of it?
Well, listen, this is a triple-X-rated case.
So is she really doing a disservice to all women who are truly battered, Piers?
Well, let's take a listen to some of the stuff today, which was pretty gruesome, compelling, whatever you want to call it.
Do you think somebody who masturbates to pictures of little boys is beautiful on the inside, right?
I don't think that aspect of him is beautiful at all.
It says, "Travis, you're beautiful on the inside and out," doesn't it?
Yes.
You were the one that had the KY or brought it into the relationship to make it better, right?
To facilitate our activities.
Which one is it?
Well, when he jizzes on my face and throws candy my way and walks away without a word, it kind of feels like I was a prostitute.
But am I missing something?
No, I don't think you're missing anything at all.
This is the point that I think will anger many women, is that if she is lying through her back teeth, using the cover of somehow being this poor innocent victim of a domestically violent man is really appalling, isn't it?
It is appalling, Piers.
Are they damaging their case by putting her up there for too long?
You know, there are two issues that are really being presented at the same time.
Would we be going even remotely as far as we are if she wasn't there on our television screens, do you think?
Well, she is very mesmerizing.
It comes down to this, is this guy just fantasizing or is there enough evidence to suggest he was really planning to do this?
That's what the jurors basically are going to have to decide.
Because in reality if they cannot prove that he was genuinely going to do this, then presumably he will walk, won't he?
Well, I teach about these cases in my criminal law class and I write about them.
Let me bring in Gloria there, because it seems to me that even if he wasn't going to carry out these appalling crimes, the mere fact he's put these women, including his wife and female friends, through this appalling psychological trauma, that they must be reading about this sickening plot that he was e-mailing people about, is that not in itself a crime?
LLRED: Not really just to worry them, but having said that --
Isn't that abuse to his wife?
There are more details.
Wasn't it?
You know, it was five years pretty much from beginning to end.
What is your reaction to the reaction so far?
Well, you know, it's tough.
But did you think that the president had a point there, that perhaps the Canadians in the movie version didn't get quite enough of the credit they probably deserved?
I think that's always true.
Do you think that your husband deserves all the adulation that's being showered upon him?
I'm always ready to jump in there.
Is that true?
.
It was a consensual mutual relationship sexually speaking, wasn't it?
Yes, always.
But are you just going to take that or do you believe there is a genuine prospect of achieving this?
Look, I've been on a mission.
Do you think people were surprised by what you were telling them?
I think many people don't really realize the difference between handgun injury and assault weapons injury.
Is your belief still that the only answer to America's gun violence is more guns?
Well, I think we all want to try to keep criminals from going and getting guns.
Do you know?
Well, obviously they were all killed.
Do they to you?
Look, Piers, let me just ask you a question.
Do you know?
The semiautomatic hunting rifles can fire exactly the same number of bullets per minute as your AR-15.
So if you remove hunting from the equation, what are you left with as a purpose for these weapons?
No, no.
Mr. Lott do you know how many mass shootings there have been in the last 30 years in America?
I mean, I have written papers on it.
Do you know what weapons were used in those mass shootings?
Yes.
What I don't understand from all the expertise you bring to this, is - and I don't want to put words in your mouth -- but of all the 35 proposals President Obama has put forward, which ones would you actually agree with in terms of introducing more gun safety in America?
OK, Before I will get to that question, which I will get to, I want to go and deal with the points you were just raising.
Do you know how many there have been since the gun ban was brought in?
It depends on how you define them.
Do you know how many there have been in Australia since they brought in the gun ban?
Okay.
Now, how many have there been since 1996?
OK.
How many since '96?
I already said it a couple of times.
Do you know?
There was one before, and there haven't been any after.
Why am I on?
-- following massacres like Sandy Hook -
Why am I on?
They have seen zero mass shootings in one country.
How many in the last ten years have been killed by guns in Germany?
Germany had both of their shootings in the last 10 years.
Do you know?
Again, what you have --
Do you know the answer to the country that you raised as an example of proof of your argument?
No, no!
How many people were murdered in Britain last year with guns?
OTT: The point is it was even lower before --
How many?
It makes more sense to talk about murder rates, to deal with differences in populations --
Do you believe in universal background checks for all guns in America?
In theory, if you could fix the problems with the current background system, that would be great.
But of the 35 proposals for gun safety that the president is trying to bring in, how many of the 35 do you support?
I don't think I supported any of the ones that he had.
Were they?
Well, they are pretty serious if you're the father of a boy who has been blown to pieces.
Have you ever heard a case quite like this?
Never.
Or am I misreading this?
Well, I think the prosecution is mishandling this case completely.
Marcia Clark, do you see a point to what is going on in this courtroom?
I do, actually.
Why not make them focus on the deliberate lies that are central to the facts in this case?
OK.
If you take him at face value in those private conversations he was having with fetishists, however ghastly the earlier material I read, is he a criminal?
Absolutely not.
How much more money do we want to steal from the American people to fund more government?
The Republican proposal is the worst of all worst.
Am I wrong?
No, you're not wrong, Piers.
This sort of kind of goes into effect over a few days and weeks, right?
Right.
And as -- and as the CEO of the country, who should call the meeting?
Right, but I think you can blame the president.
Do you see that happening here?
No, and I think it's -- it's incumbent upon the leader to make that happen, not the speaker.
But the speaker is just as intransigent?
If I -- you have somebody -- if I were the CEO of the country, I'd be able to have a meeting when I want to have a meeting, and I'd work it out.
Is it all just fiddling while Rome burns, Jack?
We're spending $3.8 trillion while we're talking about these cuts.
Is this -- is this a problem for the Republicans that their most positive in terms of public opinion politician is already getting snubbed by the party?
It certainly doesn't make the tent bigger, I'll tell you that.
Do you think you can get more done as a team physically together?
Well, I think there's two parts to that question, Piers.
-- but enjoyed working from home to continue?
Look, she's not going to throw out great performers.
We had it all, didn't we?
We sure did, Piers.
Ma'am, were you crying when you were shooting him?
I don't remember.
Were you crying when you were stabbing him?
I don't remember.
Were you crying then?
I don't know.
Alan Dershowitz, has she got any chance of getting off this from everything you're hearing?
I don't think she has any chance of being acquitted.
What does she say to you?
Well, it's 3:30 in the morning.
May I ask was that before or after she had sex with the man in Utah after she killed Travis?
Don't know.
Did you speak to her again where she denied killing him?
No.
That was it?
That was it.
But she never gave any indication that she'd been responsible for the death?
No.
In what way was she addicted, do you think?
Well, and I'm not saying that, you know, he deliberately had a spell on her.
Was it, from what you saw of them together -- was it an abusive relationship?
Well, I never saw them together.
From what you knew of Travis, was he an abusive character?
No, I did not know him to be.
I mean, you must have been shocked, aren't you?
I was completely shocked.
Was she somebody you wouldn't completely trust?
No, she was completely trustworthy.
It's a classic cover your tracks, isn't it?
Well, it's much worse than that.
Would somebody risk their job to do that kind of research?
Well, it really is getting sinister.
Am I right to feel disquieted?
Well, I think there are two things going on.
What is your honest reaction to it all?
Well, I think I may be somebody who believes in the Pope's position more than most Catholics.
Don't you follow everything?
No, that's the point.
Is that a good enough excuse?
I don't think she needs an excuse at all.
Is that acceptable?
You have every right to be offended by it.
No limits?
I think there are limits to each one of us and our tastes and what we will enjoy.
Isn't that the most beautiful thing in the world?
Not really.
Does he know what he's doing?
It absolutely is.
How high?
It's 147 over 89.
How many push-ups can you do?
Not enough.
Why didn't you?
I guess I wanted to see him win.
Playing mean every week -- I mean does that bring you joy?
It does.
And I -- and I'm getting kind of worried that we're all going to have some kind of a society that has a narcissistic disorder, you know?
Yes.
Well, you know, part of the reason I wanted you to act -- to join us tonight was to talk about how wonderfully you have aged, all right?
Oh.
What's the secret?
If you're just talking about pragmatic things, I like to hike.
This deep psychic wound you refer to, is this the powerlessness you felt during your father's illness?
Yes.
Sleep?
You have suggestions for that.
Do you find yourself in a happy place?
Can I tell you that the moment I turned 50, I walked into my morning coffee shop and I -- you know, I never celebrate my birthdays.
Do you think you're active for 30 minutes a day?
Yes, for the most part.
Do you floss your teeth?
Yes.
You do?
I love my dentist.
Do you take -- do you take supplements?
Not as much as I should.
And did he have any other neurologic issues besides that?
Yes, he did.
Do you take time to yourself?
Hell, no.
How many pushups can you do?
Not enough.
Someone our age ought to be able to stand on one foot -- go on one foot, OK?
Um-hmm.
-- oh, God, they're incredibly vivid and they don't stop, which must mean that I'm not having a certain quality of sleep, is that correct?
Yes, later in the show, we're going to walk you through dreams -- why so many of us aren't having the right kinds, so all are troubled by the dreams that we have.
Wasn't that fabulous?
Oh, I remember that day.
You were smashed?
It was so cold.
AUPER: Really?
Yes.
How old does your lungs or your brain think you are?
Yes.
Just doing stuff?
I was doing work, you know, meet and greeting and looking like a painting.
So if you could give advice to that young dancing girl we just saw, what would you tell her?
Well, I was so busy working then that I couldn't think.
Are you ready?
OK.
Or a pen?
OK.
-- you like that?
(INAUDIBLE).
All right, do you get your blood pressure checked annually?
Yes, well, sometimes.
Do you know your blood pressure?
AUPER: It usually sits around -- I don't know, 60 to 80 below or above.
Do you have doctors look in your mouth at all?
Yes, when I go to the dentist.
Yes?
-- it's representative of the globalization of medicine.
A new mom?
I know.
And you have another one that's three?
Three, yes, my daughter Leila (ph) and my son Emmitt (ph).
And go back to -- to being your old self?
You know, it's -- it's pretty amazing.
You know?
Well, let me ask you a question.
You -- you took the real age test, right?
I did.
You have?
About five years ago.
Z: Well, what's your real age?
My real age is 37.9 or something.
Were you nervous about getting pregnant that late?
I didn't feel nervous.
What's a typical breakfast you might have?
Every day, I have two breakfasts.
What do you do to protect your eyes?
I put drops in my eyes when I'm traveling because I have to keep them moist.
Do you have mommy brain at all?
I thought I didn't, but I think I do.
You did research and that's true, that men digest quicker than women?
Not all things, but we're specifically talking about Ambien type drugs.
Think about it, what is sleep really telling you?
You're tired.
And are you a good sleeper?
I am not a great sleeper.
You'll dream of something that then happens in real life?
Yeah, yeah.
What do you do to sleep better?
I try -- this is such an old lady thing.
Is that true?
No question.
How is sleep for you?
Sleep is actually fine.
A power nap?
In fact, when I was pregnant with my daughter, I would carry ear plugs with me in my car.
You never got arrested?
No.
Question for all three of you, do any of you take sleep medications?
I sometimes take melatonin.
Melatonin?
Because -- but you know, a natural doc told me once to take 20 milligrams of it, up to 20.
Toothpaste?
Toothpaste have other things in them, but I don't know if -- I haven't seen it in there.
Do you keep track of these different things in literature, Madeleine?
I don't think about them.
Are you worried about that?
Yeah.
What's that?
Z: It's a chemical compound that is linked to all kinds of bad stuff, including cancer.
Like is there -- can you -- is that safe to think or is that crazy to think?
It's rational to think.
How does that -- Lisa, how does it make you feel younger or live longer?
It's funny.
What do you make of it all?
Well, first of all, I think it is important that we focus at least some attention on North Korea.
Which has to in the end be the right way to go, isn't it?
Well, I can hear in my mind's ear, people in the State Department scoffing and laughing and saying, listen, Dan and Piers don't know what they're talking about.
What did you make of it when you pored through it?
Well, I wasn't surprised because as one who -- at least once, I think twice received a handwritten note from then President Bush.
Very quickly, what is it about?
ATHER: Well, what it's about is the phenomenon of so many American seniors being preyed upon by international crooks, cowards, to take their money, with telemarketing and particularly with lotteries.
You have to wonder, are those mainstream fans going to want to sit down on their television sets on a Saturday night and watch this race called the NRA 500?
Right.
Do you have a problem with this?
I don't have a problem with it, to tell you quite honestly.
When you say backing away, you mean they may not support universal background checks?
Yes.
Do we know what they paid the NRA?
We don't know their exact amount.
What kind of message that this sends to their children that their favorite sporting event that they are going to see with the family maybe is sponsored by a gun lobby group?
You know, Piers, you're a fine fellow.
What are the repercussions and possible implications of Fox and the NRA in all of this?
Well, it's interesting, because the NRA has had so many controversial television ads lately, which we know.
Yes, Senator Patrick?
Just very quickly.
Is it also part of being an American to say, we have to find some way to keep irresponsible people from perpetrating these crimes, time after time, things like the Sandy Hook shooting?
I agree.
How do they equate being a religious group with their appalling behavior, picketing funerals of soldiers, young children, the anti-gay outbursts and so on?
They claim to speak for God.
Simple as that?
Yes.
That's their all-encompassing excuse?
I mean, it's not a good excuse at all but they do it.
Do they brainwash people like you, young people?
Absolutely.
Did they make you picket and do things that you now look back and find contemptible?
Yes.
How do you feel emotionally about losing all contact with your closest family because of this?
I mean, it was very traumatic when it first happened.
How many of them?
Three.
How would you describe your religious conviction?
I wouldn't say any denomination specifically.
Is there anything Christian about the Westboro Baptist Church, in your view?
I thought that it was in the beginning.
It's interesting watching ex-presidential candidates, isn't it?
It is kind of sad.
Does he have a point?
I don't see any great opportunity to do a deal.
Would it have made any difference if Mitt Romney had been successful, do you think?
You can make the argument that -- it seems to me that, in general, Democrats have been a little more reasonable, a little bit more willing to compromise.
Is he the great unsung deal maker now on the international stage?
RISTOFF: I don't think the Obama administration is going to appoint him to be special negotiator for the North Korean matter.
Is this a bad thing?
I think the notion of engaging North Korea is really a good thing.
There is no hard evidence that Dennis knows which is which, is there?
In fact, he seemed to be a little confused about which was which.
Are these the right kind of moves that he should be making?
I think so.
Who knows?
I like the 70 young people who gathered and did the Harlem Shake outside the Muslim Brotherhood headquarters.
What's it all about?
So we started out writing the book, "Half The Sky," kind of the dead trees version, about the need to empower women around the world.
If you're sitting here in New York, as we are, is it going to be a huge tub load coming our way?
No, not for New York.
Was that your experience?
Yes, he could be.
But how do you think history will judge him?
Well, he's a classic Caudillo of Latin America, a strongman, who was infatuated with Che Guevara and Fidel Castro.
Yes, Ali, there is a disconnect, isn't there?
Yes, sure.
And the poor getting poorer?
I'll say a few things.
So is that combined an indicator of the strengthening economy?
Well, the thing is, when you look at the Dow, you look at the S&P 500, or most major companies, much of their revenue comes from the rest of the world.
Kai, if you -- if you have got a bit of cash -- and many Americans don't, but if you do have a bit of cash at the moment, is it a good or a terrible time to invest in the stock market?
Oh, for crying out loud do not put your money in the stock market right now.
How are you going to change the way Americans think about guns?
Well, I think if you go back to just being consistent with culture, culture is really what makes things change and stick in America.
That's the realistic goal, right, is what you're trying to do?
Our fight isn't against guns.
Is it time to have just as compelling and controversial advertising relating to gun violence?
The problem with -- it depends on the kind of --
What I'm interested in now is why you have quit the NRA?
Because all you ever hear about is fund-raising, for what purpose, I'm not really sure.
Do you think it would change their PR, if nothing else if they really started to take seriously advertising and promoting safe gun use?
Well, they do, do that in their marksmanship program, which you've got to enroll in one of their marksmanship courses to get that.
Do you think many feel unsettled after Sandy Hook the leadership went so aggressively on the front foot and the result was simply the selling of a lot more weapons?
Yes.
Where are you going to get the money to buy them?
Well, I guess the assault weapons ban would apply to future sales.
If I could ask you to say one thing that you felt would be most constructive to making America a less violent country in terms the of gun violence, what would you say?
One would be to enforce the existing laws.
Is preparation in the end the single-most important thing?
I think preparation is the key to success and you lay it all out, as you well know, as we describe in the book.
What would you get them to do, these politicians, to try to work better for the cause of America?
Well, we all want that.
How does that work?
Well, the way that works is when I first went to New York, what I wanted was our players to be focused, enthusiastic about coming to work.
How do you get them to understand what discipline is like off the field in their real lives?
Well, that's not an easy thing, but you know, when you're talking about this gun culture, the NFL has strong rules against that.
Stage, movies, the Oscars, TV, you're doing all of that, are you, Kristin?
I try.
How are you?
I'm so good, but I was just hoping that this time --
How are you?
I'm good.
Do you have any problems with what he did?
HENOWETH: Well, first of all, I'm a woman so I have boobs and I don't really know the big deal.
What does it say about America today?
You know, I'd be a liar if I didn't say that it was interesting.
Doesn't it look good?
Well, it's a classic Mark Burnett production, completely over the top, fabulous costumes, beautiful people.
It's good news, right?
It's good news.
On a scale of 1 to 10, how is my accent?
Eight, pretty awful.
I'm going to play at London, Manchester, Edinburgh so tell me from London to Manchester, how many hours is that?
They don't use language like that on stage.
Isn't it great?
I love all of the casts and you have this terrible accident.
What did you feel?
I was out for about six to seven minutes and I woke up and they said what happened and they said you fell.
You've still got repercussions?
HENOWETH: My brain issues are much better, but it does take some time.
Are they going to show the scenes of what happened?
Yes, they showed it.
What about stronger gun laws?
That won't help.
Why?
Because criminals don't care about the gun laws.
Was there anything in your encounter with this particular cat which made you feel that there may be a problem down the line?
No, there was no indication when I was in the case, in the enclosure with Couscous, you know, that -- you know, made me feel uncomfortable or -- you know, I didn't see any type of aggressive behavior or anything that I needed to be worried about while I was in with him.
Were there any issues about security, about perhaps the level of training for the staff there?
Absolutely.
So, Dale, How much food does he eat every day?
He eats about eight pounds of food a day.
Do you have a lion by the tail?
Just today.
In terms of the intern who has died here, would you have expected somebody who was simply an intern to be inside the cage?
You know, Piers, I really don't know the circumstances but I can tell you that my interaction over at Project Survival Cat Haven, they've been very professional and you know, they've always run their protocol very strictly.
And from what have gleaned, what do you think may have happened here?
Well, you know, Piers, obviously, it's a shock anytime someone loses a life like this.
Or would it be a more defensive mechanism if they felt that somebody was intruding into their space?
Well, depending on how long this girl had been there.
What is your answer to people who say they shouldn't be in captivity (INAUDIBLE)?
Well, the point is, Piers, in the zoological world, they're there.
And, Jenny, final word from you?
You know, my thoughts and prayers go out to the family of this young woman.
What is your reaction to what's happening?
It is an interesting moment because there has always been this contingent of civil libertarians in Congress that the military way overstretches their bounds and crosses boundaries in terms of what they can do.
What is the difference really, other than drones sound scarier about the ability to use a drone?
Well, that is a good point, Piers.
Because if it is okay to assassinate American citizens in Pakistan for grievous offenses against the state, what is the difference really between doing it there or doing it in Texas?
OPPINS: Right.
And that shocked a lot of people, right?
That's the issue here is the hedging on that very specific question that most people if you asked them will shake their head and think, my God, of course the government shouldn't be able to do that.
B, what do you think his lasting legacy with Fox News will be?
Well, on the first question, he's definitely worth a biography or two.
For what?
They were automatic weapons, had silencers on them.
Did you ever kill anyone?
That I can't answer.
Right now, the people that are in your circle, are they illegally trafficking guns?
Yes.
How do they do it?
They have people that are elderly, husband and wife or husband and girlfriend or whatever, in a motor home.
An elderly husband and wife hide guns in their motor home, and drive them up from Florida to New York?
Yes.
So what is an average load?
Two cases.
How much would they make?
They would make 5,000 dollars.
And this happens all the time?
Yes.
How do you communicate with one another to arrange the buy?
There's ways.
What do you say?
Well, I wanted to put them in jail, I would say yes.
No?
No.
What should they be?
Life.
Life?
Yes.
Do you think that America, the government, is losing its war on guns?
Yes.
Why?
Because criminals don't care about the gun laws.
How are these guns run?
Any means of transportation, conveyance, planes, trains, automobiles.
Have you ever ridden a bus?
Yes.
Have you never been searched getting on a bus?
No.
I mean, is that something you would like to see become illegal?
I can't comment on that.
Why?
We enforce the laws that are on the books.
You can't tell me what laws you think this country needs to make the streets safer?
I would love to.
Why is that?
Because we are so few and far between out there.
You wouldn't agree with mandating it?
No, absolutely not, because I don't -- like if you don't want to have a gun, lord knows I wouldn't want you to have a gun.
Do you support universal background checks?
Look, I think it is OK if you want to have background checks on people when they buy and sell a gun.
But how do you know that?
Because I know that they were already convicted criminals, who were already breaking the law by even owning a gun.
Why are you so keen to maintain the availability of what many see as a military style assault weapon?
Because --
For the civilian population?
I don't see them as a military style.
Isn't that responsible politics?
This is my point.
Do you support all those?
I don't know if I support all of them.
How do you know?
Because I think if you are not prosecuting the guys that are committing these crimes, if you're not having a background for mental health -- I mean, that is where I look at it and say, when they were dealing with mental health in Washington, D.C. right now, I'm all in favor of that, because there is a huge -- you want to talk about a loop hole, it is not the loop hole to buy guns on the black market that's a threat to this country.
Who do you want to start with?
I love them both.
How did you feel about him attacking the president, the United States in the way that he did?
I didn't think that that was a good thing to do, because I love George Walker Bush, as you have seen in the tape.
What do you make of the debate about the affect that Fox News has had on American politics and American society?
Roger Ailes is a genius.
Is it case of two hopes, no hope and Bob Hope?
Yes.
Can he win?
Well, he can, but I don't think he will.
Tell me why you've gone from dog to lion?
Well, it's a -- it's a transformation musically, spiritually and mentally.
What else do we know?
Well, let's talk about the important fact that we don't know.
How significant is this and what is the thinking, do you think, behind doing it this way?
Well, it's a significant coup for the Americans here.
What do you think of the operation itself?
Oh, I think it was well done.
On the face of it, not that strong, but as Bob says, are we likely to get more meat on the bone later, do you think?
I sure hope so.
How do you feel about the fact that this guy is going to be arraigned in a U.S. court in New York a few blocks from ground zero?
Well, the family is very happy that he's been caught, and 3,000 people were murdered that day and finally we were starting to catch some of the terrorists.
I mean, could this decision get overturned?
I think that's unlikely.
Is there an argument to say that if this man was taken to Guantanamo, they would get more out of him?
I don't think -- look, I think we've got to be honest.
If you were in the CIA, involved in this operation, would you want him at Guantanamo or in the way that it's being handled?
The way it's being handled.
Are you alarmed by this?
Totally offended.
But a knife, why would anybody need a knife during a flight?
You're headed for another tragedy again.
What did you make of it?
Well, I think it's good to have this debate.
If that is the case, where would blame lie here?
Well, I hate to even talk about blame at this time, as I know the family's hurting, the sanctuary is hurting.
Is that right?
Well, I think -- I think any adult felid is at their most dangerous and our standards at from the Global Federation of Animal Sanctuaries call for no human contact with these felids unprotected, period.
How do you feel about the fact that Cous Cous has also been shot and killed as a result of this?
Well, whenever people are allowing direct contact with these animals, they're not only putting themselves at risk, any other people at risk, they're putting the animal at risk, as we see -- we see clearly here.
How are you?
Hey, the pleasure is all mine.
Now tell me why you've gone from Dogg to Lion?
Well, it's a transformation musically, spiritually, and mentally.
Have you been that other person?
Oh yes, definitely, because that's what comes with the territory, especially when you don't know how to handle money, and you don't know what to do with the money, and you let money become, you know, the direction of your life.
And what are the best possible ways of resolving it?
It's miscommunication somewhere.
And what's the best way of tackling that?
I think that's 95 percent of the problem.
Does anybody actually call you Calvin anymore?
No, I mean, you know, because I have become Snoop.
Must be somebody?
Probably the people I went to school with, some of the officials, and some of the law enforcement that have seen my life drastically change in the appropriate way.
When you look back on how you did that and how you broke free from the gangs and everything else, and from poverty, what do you think were the key determinators in enabling you to do that?
One of the keys was separating myself, closing the gap.
That takes supreme self discipline and dedication, doesn't it?
Yes, sir.
My life is in stages, you know what I mean?
We the jury in the above entitled action find the defendant, Calvin Broaddus, not guilty of the crime of murder in the first degree.
Do you feel lucky to be alive when you look back over everything you came through?
I feel very lucky and blessed at the same time, because I have seen a lot of people not make it.
Why do so many people, do you think, associate the gun with some form of self-esteem?
Well, first of all, we are guilty as Americans of promoting the gun as one of the most highly touted things you could have in your life.
What do you think of the debate?
I don't think we should get rid of guns.
Do you have any concerns about them entering the tawdry world of show business?
No, not really, because I feel like they've been spooned and groomed by being around me and me giving them the uncut version, as opposed to just hiding it and keeping it away from them.
How have you learned to deal with what fame is about?
Definitely, fame is definitely a lethal drug.
Do you take a lot of it?
I think some people have more tolerance for smoking pot than others.
Is it beyond that point now?
Yes, it's more medical than anything.
How do you think he's done?
Man, that made me feel, you know, like anything can happen in this world, if you put your mind to it and you work hard.
Finally, how hard do I have to work and how much money do I have to earn to be able to afford a necklace like your lion necklace?
You my partner.
I think that's the right phrase, right?
Yes, sir.
If they had gone behind Congress' back as you claimed, do you think you can get this overturned legally?
Probably not.
Is that right?
Yes, I think that to assume that the United States of America would use a drone and a hellfire missile to attack someone sitting in a cafe -- look, this goes back to our previous conversation.
Do you have any message for Newt Gingrich?
Oh, listen, Newt and I have been friends for many, many years.
What is your reaction to that?
I think maybe we need a congressional hearing on the whole issue of what is a danger to the entire flight and what we should -- I think we need to call witnesses since they have made this policy change.
How are you?
I'm great.
How are you?
This looks a fun gig, the movie.
Is he feeling the heat now, you think?
I'm sure.
Were Amy Poehler and Tina Fey a little unfair to her, did you think, at the Golden Globes with their jibe about her young boyfriends?
You know, I have to say that we have to get a little less sensitive, you know, with the comedians.
That's the point you're making, is everyone getting a little thin-skinned here?
I think we really are.
Is it an important thing to have, you think, to affirm to the world that women matter?
I think absolutely.
What is your view about women working from home, in particular, women?
Well, I think it's really hard to work from home.
Tell me about that?
I started to, but it didn't really work out.
He directs this movie, doesn't he?
Yes, he's the director of the movie and, you know, he is sharing in all of the responsibilities and, in fact, takes on most of the responsibilities where men have such a difficult time being the man behind the woman, he's actually such a great example of someone who is comfortable in that position and you know fills the slots where he has to so that I can go off and do my work.
So you know what?
Get out of here.
When you look back and when you finished it, what did you think about the career you've had?
You know, in doing it -- and you feel it -- the impact didn't, you know, work on me, there's no question about it.
It's about the love of music for you, isn't it?
You know, it was totally by luck that I had gotten into music.
Am I wrong?
No, you're not wrong.
And have you been surprised by them?
AVIS: I've not been surprised, honestly.
Would you like to get married to a man one day?
I've been married twice.
But are you -- are you pleased to see the way the gay marriage debate has gone?
Oh, I'm very pleased.
What did you feel about that?
Look, well, as far as Kelly is concerned -- and I've been talking about that -- we had a different judgment as to how she reacted to two songs that I gave her that become huge hits, "Since You've Been Gone," and "Behind These Hazel Eyes," as well, you know, as "Break Away" and others.
Have you spoken to her since?
This is a dispute.
What would the single be?
"Bridge Over Troubled Water" with Simon & Garfunkel.
And, finally, which artist would you take?
(INAUDIBLE).
If you could have one to sing to you for the rest of your life, just you and them on a desert island?
Well, let me -- I would point to Alicia Keys, who, with Pager Edge (ph), I discovered, a Renaissance young woman who writes her own materials, stunning to look at, a major talent within the industry.
And how would you change it?
Well, I -- yes, you're right.
Have you seen the movie "Zero Dark Thirty" yet?
No, I haven't.
From what you have heard of it, what is -- what is your opinion?
What I have heard about it, it's a good movie, all right.
What is the quickest and best way to fix that international relationship between Pakistan and the United States?
I feel, yes, they have never been that bad, and I think in my time, the relations were good, although we were facing the same threat, and we were dealing with the threat in our own ways.
What is your view of the use of drones generally?
Well, use of drones, there are two uses of drones.
NIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Do you want to take any of the babies?
Sure.
Isn't that beautiful?
Yes.
What do you think will happen?
Well, I can't really predict but I think you're right.
Am I right?
Yes, and don't you love, by the way, Cardinal O'Malley out of Boston, Cardinal Dolan out of New York.
So what is your sense about the kind of reform, which a new Pope may look to successfully push through?
I would say there are really two areas.
Does he believe he has a chance?
I did speak to him yesterday.
And how are you going to be more attractive and joyful than Cardinal Timothy Dolan?
But, also, I think the key word is energy.
What is wrong with that?
UINN: Nothing.
Do you believe he's wrong about this?
I do because my fear is, my belief is that with food-related issues, which are different, which are more complicated because unlike smoking which you can stop and continue existing, you have to interact with food at least three times a day.
Are you giving me 100 percent guarantee you will not meddle in things that people eat or drink?
No.
Do you have a view on the Pope, by the way?
You know, you have to be for your hometown guy.
Who would be the next mayor of New York?
Well, I am for Christine Quinn, but it's a wide open race.
How did you feel about that?
UINN: It was great.
Have you thought about what yours might be?
Well, we -- when we launched the campaign -- actually we kicked it off with a walk and talk tour.
Say that again?
A walk and talk.
Do you believe in doing that, or is it purely on merit?
You know, I think you want to help folks move up, right, and the only way I got this job, my first job in New York City as tenant housing organizer, I called people.
What is the secret to getting to where you've got to?
Push ahead.
Is she right that too many women lean back rather than lean in when it comes to promoting themselves and being ambitious?
Well, hello, Piers.
Are women basically a bit nicer than men in the workplace and does that consequentially hold them back?
Yes, and yes.
Or is Marissa Mayer going to be in the minority when most women want to have flexi time and maybe work a bit from home?
Marissa Mayer is in a very unique situation.
Wouldn't that help?
Even when that's not possible -- I remember my chief of staff was pregnant with her baby, and I encouraged her, look, we work ridiculous hours in Congress, bring your daughter to work, we'll use the pack 'n play.
(on camera): This is a Bushmaster?
Yeah.
Were you surprised, Hillary, at the ease with which you bought that rifle?
Well, like you, I knew what the law was.
Are you an American citizen or resident?
I am an American citizen and resident.
You could have been a British citizen and still done the same thing?
Well, legally, you're supposed to be an American citizen.
What did you do with it?
No, of course not.
Can you hear me?
You're back.
How long was it before he finally told you?
I think it was a week or two, as I remember.
Where do you feel you get the strength to be like this?
Well, first of all, I'm almost 74.
Why not?
I'm serious.
If I could replay a moment for you now, what would you choose?
Oh, my goodness, my husband telling me that he thought we should adopt.
Valerie, how -- finally, how would you like to be remembered?
Oh, that's great.
Why?
Well, because in Boston, Mohammad Atta and nine other al Qaeda hijacked two planes back in 9/11.
Who needs to have a knife in mid-air anyway?
The question is what can destroy an airplane.
Mary Schiavo, am I missing something?
Yes, you actually can kill and bring down a plane with a knife.
How do you know?
The threat is -- because they will be shot dead by federal air marshals or, you know --
Just to clarify, there is a federal marshal aboard every single domestic flight in America, is there?
No.
How do you know they are going to shoot them dead if they are not an board?
Because look -- look at it from the TSA's point of view, which is there is a real threat of bombs.
Why are you so confident it's not going to happen?
Because the level of security is just night and day from before 9/11 to today.
Am I missing something?
No.
Lino, what do people feel about that down there?
Well, you are probably not surprised to hear, we are not for sexual abuse.
And what do you think may happen here?
(inaudible) fact.
What about an assault weapons ban?
Assault weapons ban, there is very little support for assault weapons.
When the new Pope is in play, what should they be thinking to do?
Look, this is about something very holy.
What is the way through this impasse, particularly in getting a proper budget deal done, proper debt deal done, making sure the America is the focal point of how we move forward here?
President Obama knows this.
Has Lance Armstrong got that kind of chance, do you think?
Well, a bit of a disclosure.
But is it a possibility?
Yes.
What was it like?
It's unlike anything I've ever covered before.
Why do you think they did that and why him?
Well, you know, it's interesting.
When does he give his first mass and so on?
He's -- they have a schedule for him that's set out the next few days that has with him having mass tomorrow in a discreet way, and he'll start to build towards more public appearances.
How significant is that choice of name?
Totally significant.
What is the general reaction, do you think, from the cardinals who have elected this man?
Well, first of all, I think if there is a great sense of relief that they're not the Pope.
And what do you imagine his idea of reformation may be?
Well, you know, I think what we're talking about here is a man who is very much, as every one of the 115 cardinals, is an orthodox man.
Is that the kind of person, do you think, that the Catholic Church needs?
ANTORUM: He is, in my -- I would not call him a progressive conservative.
Do you think he's going to go after this?
I have no doubt that this is a man who, as you heard talk about, is very much committed to doing the right thing, to standing up for the truth and for making sure that people are held to account, and to holiness, I think, a couple of your commentators said.
Could you see yourself supporting that if he said that?
Well, I'm not going to -- I'm not going to make this judgment until I hear the rationale for, you know, the theological rationale and underpinning as to why that is a morally right thing to do.
And that surely in the end is a Christian answer, isn't it?
Well, the most important thing is to save souls.
What is your view about changing times, changing moods amongst -- certainly young Catholics?
I don't think that we can expect from Pope Francis any move along the lines you were just suggesting.
What is your belief?
There is none that I know.
Is he going to move, do you think, on any of these key things?
I think the most important thing is his personal credibility.
But could it be a problem later in his life?
I doubt it, Piers, exactly for the reason that you're mentioning.
Are you surprised that they went for somebody of that age, or not really?
Well, age isn't measured in years as much anymore, Piers, as you know.
Mr. Speaker, how are you?
I'm doing well.
What is your immediate gut reaction to this appointment of Pope Francis?
Well, I think the fact that he became Pope Francis is extraordinarily important.
Has that given him a taste, do you think of, what battles may be to come?
Look, I'm going to go out on a limb for a second.
I mean, if we would just -- you know, in the middle of all of the elites' angst about their personal lives, if we could just look at it for a second and say, won't it be amazing to have a Pope who genuinely focusing, in the tradition of Saint Francis, on helping the poorest among us?
Listen, with great respect, Mr. Speaker -- we're going to take a quick break.
Have you made up with him?
I can't believe you used that word on evening television.
Were you offended by that?
I wasn't worried about me.
But are you best buddies again with Roger Ailes?
Look, I have no idea what he said to a reporter who reported all that.
But are you seriously going to do this?
No.
What is your view of the new Pope, the Catholic Church as it stands, and what the challenge is?
Well, we're just figuring him out and part of it I love already, his commitment to the poor and his own -- avoiding the trappings of the very, very wealthy cardinals that we see sort of displaying their regalia but the other part of him that is so biased against marriage equality and intolerant, that's the part of the church that I feel that if everyone isn't welcome, it's very -- it's as if I was going to a country club and they said well, this person can't come because they are black or because they are Jewish or because they are gay.
But what do you think the new Pope needs to do to slightly move with the times without alienating perhaps the traditions of the church?
Well, I think he took a very important first step by choosing the name Francis.
How are you going to get a more modern Catholic Church and in fact how are you going to deal with religion amongst young people generally of any type of religion?
You mentioned world Catholics.
What was it that got you back into being a devout Catholic again?
Well, I had a similar experience as Mia had.
What do you make of what is going on at the moment?
I think they're really cowardly because they know in their hearts that there's no need -- we're talking about assault weapons here.
Why do you think so few politicians are taking what I would see to be a courageous moral lead on this?
Well, what's new.
How do you change the debate around children and in particular with guns, particularly following what happened at Newtown?
It is horrific.
What are they?
They're stadium events.
How is she?
She's doing OK.
What do you say to that?
I think this really exposes a problem that we have in America and probably worldwide, almost, with children and parents as to knowing what our parents are doing.
So you just grabbed her and that was a fun picture that you took?
Well, after that, I didn't think it was fun.
In the moment?
Yes.
It was a joke picture?
Yes.
What did you think when you read that?
I just texted him like what are you talking about, you're playing; stop playing with me.
That it was a silly prank, it got completely out of hand, and when these kids all woke up the next day, they all had bitter regret about what happened?
I guess anything is possible.
Are they brought up to be disrespectful to women, do you think?
I think so.
What does it tell us about modern young America?
Well, I think what's important is what the prosecutor said today, which was that it's really about degradation.
So incredibly revolting, though, it is to us, and unacceptable, is it just a symptom of the modern times and technology, that actually when it didn't exist, kids would behave in a drunken stupid way in this way and regret it, but they wouldn't all be hauled to court because there would be no evidence?
I don't think it's just stupid.
Do you have any sympathy at all with these two young boys?
Absolutely not.
Is it desensitizing them to proper behavior with women?
Absolutely.
Do you like Dick Cheney?
Well, he certainly was very generous with his time.
Is he a likeable man?
Absolutely, and an engaging man and somebody who is clearly very committed to his point of view and committed to -- I think to the establishment of a legacy that's consistent with his point of view.
Will history judge him in a fairer way, do you think, in centuries to come than perhaps this generation will?
Well, it's hard to know.
What was his reaction?
Well, he has to speak for himself.
If I could offer you a chance to take either Anna Wintour or Dick Cheney to a desert island for the rest of your life, which would you take?
Well, it's -- that's -- Anna Wintour is a remarkable figure.
Margaret, what did you make of that?
Look, I think Rob Portman acted in a way that was consistent with the love for his son and also consistent with a movement that's happening across the country with Republican legislators.
David Bossie, is what Senator Portman did a good thing or a bad thing?
Well, look, I think it's obviously what he thinks is the right thing for his family.
So what would you do if one of your children came to you and said, "Dad, I'm gay"?
Well, look, I have very small children, so I'm -- years --
They are going to grow up, right?
Well, we hope so, yes.
One second there you say do something wrong, would be the fact they were born gay be something they had done wrong?
Well, you believe -- you may believe that people can be born gay.
But you would try to correct the wrong, as you put it?
No.
OK, what would you advise Senator Portman to do?
I would have advised Senator Portman to show unconditional love for his child but not -- not abandon his principles, which he has espoused the last many years.
Margaret?
So what I would offer David is a fourth consideration.
At point will you move with the time?
Just one second, I don't make decisions, I'll be candid with you, we don't make public policy decisions in the conservative moment based on what the latest poll says.
So, is that what this is all about?
Well, I mean, Piers, I hate to use your own tool against you, but you just cited polling.
Let me just say this, do you think, Piers, it would bad thing for all potential rapists to think the woman they are about to rape would be armed and wouldn't bad way to stop a potential rape?
Here is the problem, Mr. Bossie, to facilitate that logical extension of thought process, every single woman in America needs to walk around with a gun.
How do they know when they're going to rape?
A rapist has to think that the woman may be armed that's all it takes.
How do they know when they are going to be attacked by a rapist?
They do know if you disarm everyone in America, they do know you are not armed.
That seems to fly in the face of your argument?
Well, it doesn't there are criminals and there are people who obviously, Piers, violate 30 or 40 federal laws long before they murder somebody.
How many times have you been properly in love in your life before you met Rita?
Once.
In terms of the defense, how are they positioning the defense now, in light of what these witnesses have been saying?
That's very good question.
Why do you care so passionately about this case?
There were allegations in town there could possibly be a cover-up, the media wasn't providing much coverage about the case, and so, I wrote about it.
What do you think of the developments in the last 24 hours?
I think it's very important, Piers, that the two witnesses testified that they actually saw both defendants involved in digital penetration of this young woman's vagina, which is rape --
How significant do you think that aspect to this case is, the fact that these two are star football players in a town that's football crazy?
Well, I think, you know, you can't blame an entire town for what a bunch of kids did.
NTERVIEWER: You weren't thinking that a girl who keeps repeatedly throwing up was pretty drunk?
No, because it's natural.
You see that a lot?
Yes.
At parties?
Not just at parties.
People throwing up because they had too much to drink?
Yes, you can see that anywhere.
But in terms what they said there about a culture of drunkenness and so on, could that play against this girl in the sense she got so drunk, a variety of parties that she didn't know what was going on?
Well, Piers, the defense, of course, is trying to pierce holes in the issue of whether or not she was drunk.
So, what do we do now?
I'm gonna put you on the stand.
I get to tell my story?
It means they get to tear you apart.
So, you know, they would argue, I guess, well, look, both sides don't agree because it is a dramatization?
I believe that is a dramatization.
How long was it before he finally told you?
I think it was a week or two, as I remember.
Where do you feel you get the strength to be like this?
Well, first of all, I'm almost 74.
What could be better?
But let's, Valerie, take a break.
Why not?
I'm serious.
If I could replay a moment for you now, what would you choose?
Oh, my goodness, my husband telling me that he thought we should adopt.
Is this just another illustration as this case has already illuminated of social media completely out of control with a certain element of teenagers in America right now?
Absolutely, completely out of control.
These are the threats from the two teenage girls you have in custody now, right?
That's correct.
What did they say that made you arrest them?
Well, one says, "You ripped my family apart, you made my cousin cry so when I see you, (EXPLETIVE DELETED), it's going to be a homicide."
And the next?
And the next is, "I'll celebrate by beating the (EXPLETIVE DELETED) out of Jane Doe."
Did you feel that was a significant thing?
It was -- it was a very emotionally packed moment that occurred in that courtroom where watching this young boy suffer once he realized what the punishment and what had happened at that point.
Does she feel any sense of forgiveness to these two young men that did this?
Well, she has not at this point forgiven anybody for what she's been through, the terrible ordeal.
Can you repeat that question, please, sir?
I'm really asking how you're feeling today as the father of a young man who has been convicted of raping a young teenaged girl.
Do you feel a sense of guilt, Mr. Richmond, about the fact you were not there for your son as a father for more than a very little period in his life?
Of course I feel a sense of guilt.
You must feel a sense of shame, don't you?
Well, first of all, they had no text messages for Ma'lik.
But I also understand your son has been convicted of a very serious offense in raping a young woman and what I want to ask you is what is your feeling towards that young girl who went through this terrible ordeal and what is your feeling towards her family?
Well, I feel sorry for the young girl.
Did you not think that?
Well, you have about five different questions there.
Would you have advised your client to apologize for a crime he's always denied committing?
Well, his apology was for the pain that he caused.
Will you be appealing then, in that case?
There will be an appeal.
Can you stay for another segment?
Sure.
What does it say about Steubenville or indeed, America and teenagers today?
Well, the judge did find that both defendants were delinquent, in other words, that they were guilty of the crime of rape.
How do we advance this to a higher level?
I think you have to start from a position that the biggest victim here is not your client.
-- what is your view of that behavior?
Oh, it's abhorrent.
Ma'lik Richmond had one text out of a day full of testimony full of text messages and e-mails and tweets which he had none, okay?
But it's not really just about the text.
How do we -- where do we go from here?
Where we go from here is we say we acknowledge if a person does something wrong, then we make amends to that person.
Oh, so you're not going to appeal from the judgment of delinquency?
I don't believe -- I don't believe he should have to register as a sex offender until he dies.
Either way, would you want to be judged for the rest of your life for something you did at 16?
Well then maybe you ought to think about that -
Excuse me?
Wait, wait, wait.
Did you choose to make adult films?
I was a young girl.
Did you choose to make adult films and profit?
ORDS: I was a 15-year-old girl, and I don't need to apologize to you, honey.
What is the relevance of that?
Well, she's saying don't judge someone.
I'm not -- did you hear me disagree with that?
OK, I've got to leave it there.
What did you make of it?
You know, Piers, it's not shocking to me.
Are these just very unusual children that get affected?
I'm glad you asked that.
What do you think?
I think with this young man, you had an unbelievable recipe for disaster on so many different fronts.
But where was she with this seven foot spreadsheet of murderers, with taking him to these gun ranges all the time, feeding this tormented, weird obsessive loner mind?
It enrages me, to tell you the truth.
Is she just a cold-blooded psycho killer?
I would not like to see her out in society, if you want to know my opinion.
Very quickly, on that, of course the great debate is can somebody who is having these outrageous fantasies, really evil stuff, does that make them a criminal?
Well, you know, it all begins with fantasy.
But what did you make of her?
I'm delighted she's done it, for whatever her reason.
And why don't you just talk me through what you believe caused the tragic death of this young girl?
Sure.
Just from that point of view, has she been suffering since the death of Cous-Cous?
Yeah, she's been under a lot of stress.
Would you say that?
Well, I think this gives just a powerful example of really how powerful these creatures are.
What is your take?
It's such a tragedy really the way that things have unfolded in Iraq.
How significant is this, do you think?
Well, first of all, it needs to be substantiated if those chemical weapons were, in fact, used.
And if turns out Assad has got them and has used them against the rebels, what is the proportionate reaction should come from America?
Well, let's put this into context.
How do we know who to believe here?
Well, you start by not believing the people who lied to you before.
You're talking about Obama versus Bush?
Yes.
What is it?
What it is is -- first of all we set this thing up to where we supported the Shiites and the Sunnis are now -- there is going to be a version of a civil war.
It's a bit late, isn't it?
Yes.
But -- how -- if you get a war wrong what are the repercussions?
Yes.
What was your reaction?
Well, I have so many things to say we don't have time to cover them all.
He won't come on here?
I have repeatedly asked him.
What can they do if their politicians are simply too cowardly to act on their behalf because of the power of the NRA?
People are going to have to let these politicians know that they're going to be voted out in the next term.
In other words, it was right home to them and their families?
Well, I think we all know the answer to that question.
Michael, why the change of mind?
Well, your people, your producers have called me since Aurora.
Where are the people who -- as Robert Kennedy brilliantly said, where is this -- the moral leadership?
Yeah.
Which show is that?
Rachel Maddow.
So you do DVR the show?
Of course.
What is wrong with people?
There is a ton of money being made right now.
What's the answer, Michael?
There is only one answer.
The next school?
I wonder -- I would ask that to Harry Reid.
How about 1,050 children?
I want him to explain himself.
Really?
Yes.
How do you feel about that?
Well, growing up in our house, Francis of Assisi was like -- you know, he was right up there with the Virgin Mary because of what he stood for, his concern for the poor, environment.
What do you want to say about the new Pope?
He has -- well, let me -- I want to be optimistic right now.
What do you think needs to be done?
Well, it was a horrific day.
Do you think that if America had seen what you saw there would be any doubt about banning assault weapons?
I think it may help.
Why is it so important that there should be one?
You know, I heard the president say they deserve a vote.
What do you say to that?
I respect the Second Amendment.
Actually I think you've got two Purple Hearts, am I right?
Yes, sir.
Of the three planks, really, of what Dianne Feinstein, the senator, is trying to push through, assault weapons, background checks, and the magazine, which of those things that do you feel strongest about?
Background checks.
Why?
I think the background checks are very important.
Who takes possession of those weapons for the short term until it's decided who they should go to?
Right.
And that's the point of this, isn't it?
Well, certainly, on the surface, it is.
Sheriff, are you -- are you saying you're not going to even try and enforce the law?
Mr. Morgan, again, I don't think that there's any ability for -- I or my officers or other officers armed around the state to determine if a magazine that comes into our inspection was acquired before or after the ban.
At Sandy Hook, had he had 100 bullet magazine, he could have killed a lot more in the same period of time, right?
And you're right.
And I would also like you to answer the point, if it saves one life of one child in a future mass shooting in your state, even in the area that you're the sheriff, isn't it worth it?
If I thought that was the fact, yes, sir.
Who is going to miss 30, 40, 50 bullet magazines?
I think there's a -- I think there's a major concern which I concur with.
What do you say to that?
I say that it's our responsibility to enforce the law, whatever it is.
But underneath all that, what is the reality of the state of the relationship between America and Israel right now?
There's no question, Piers, it's been obvious to the world, not just to these two leaders, that they've had a very frosty and somewhat unfriendly relationship.
What do we really know about what may have happened here?
Not much, which is part of the issue.
Now there is so much tension all over the region, it's no longer just about Israel and Palestine, is it?
No, it isn't.
And is that going to be discussed over the next couple of days?
Well, it will be discussed in the morning.
How crucial is this going to be, this part of the debate?
Yeah.
I mean, do you not think they should, at the very least, be pushing forward to a vote, so that everyone can see who is in favor and who is against?
I don't know all of the issues, because I don't follow them in nearly as much detail as when I myself was there.
Are you remotely optimistic?
I am very optimistic.
Do you agree with that?
No, I don't.
Are you optimistic that within five years there could be a peace deal?
Well, we did a poll on that.
Alan?
Well, if the Palestinians sit down and negotiate, the Israelis will make a very generous offer, as they did in 2000, 2001 and 2007.
How are you going to stop the migration, which has been going on now for quite some time, of your product to Apple and indeed to Samsung and Android?
The way we stop this is we have built this new product and platform, Blackberry 10, because we knew we had to come up with something really exciting and new.
Or were you hoping they're outdated?
No, I think with Z-10 coming to market, I think they are falling behind in terms of the user interface.
What is the single best way you are going do hook them back with these new things?
The single best way is, first, the user interface we talked about.
How is he feeling on the verge of his big Broadway debut?
It's the hardest, most fun work you can imagine.
Can we get back to talking about me, please?
Tonight, they spill his secrets.
Is he a good kisser?
Yes.
How good?
So-so.
How did you find playing a tabloid journalist?
Well, the key about this is that this was when -- forgive me for saying it, but this is when tabloids really mattered.
What does it take, do you think, to be a great actor?
Studying it.
Who are the -- who are greatest actors of your lifetime?
The ones that I admire greatly were Jason Robards and Robert Duvall.
Yes?
She was unfortunately very nice about you.
How many times have you been properly in love in your life?
Once.
Is there a secret, though?
I think finding the right person.
Do you -- I mean, do you turn it on for your wife, performance-wise?
No.
You mean right now?
Now those -- those are for the pilot.
Can we just -- can you just put on this wrap?
But you know what, we were told, I'm sure you'll recall, the drag element, that's just going to be for the pilot.
What is the worst thing you can tell me about Tom Hanks?
He can't hit.
Do we?
A demanding diva.
Well, one cop turned to the other one at one point and said hey, hey, Bill, you know who we have here?
Yes.
Have you been surprised by his performances back on a stage like this?
Not surprised but very -- I have to kind of pull it together because I really do -- I get moved as a friend, not merely as a fellow actor and, you know, we're in early scenes together, suddenly, quickly, there's a lot of courage for any actor, and I don't care who it is, and this guy, he's -- he's tearing --
Have you contemplated the belly flop in this play?
Well, I will defer to all of Nora's wisdom here.
Is it comforting working with four very strong actors?
Dear.
What was that like for you?
Well, I had met her briefly, we rehearsed for about a month and then I have decided I wanted to meet her just to meet her without having it affect what we were working on in the room.
How do you do that?
I don't know.
ORGAN: Is that what she said?
That's sweet.
Did you find that difficult?
No, because I understand -- I understand the desire to be in game.
Where's the reward> Where's my badge?
IERNEY: And that's what the story is.
Do you ever do that?
No.
Have any of the views of all of you changed about tabloid?
It hasn't softened my fury.
But do you -- as some do, do you resent the attention of paparazzi?
No, no.
Or are they part of the business?
Part of the business.
Is he a good kisser?
Yes.
How good?
So-so.
Did you know, Tom?
Not a clue.
What was it about Tom, do you think, that your mother loved so much?
Well, he's the best.
Are we going to go through them all now?
Yes, we are.
It was that scene where the -- his older son sits down and asks him, you know, why didn't you like me?
And we shared that because of your scene in "Fences."
What did he say?
He said you, sir, are a groove.
Nobody?
Nobody at all.
If I said to you you've got three hours left to live, not that you have, what's the movie you'd make again?
If I had three hours to live, I would not be making a movie, sir.
Really?
Yeah.
How important is it to you, personally, to be -- and all of you actually to be making what turned out to be Nora's last work?
I'm just proud to have been -- you know, to have done that reading.
When you walked into the room and there is the father of this young man who took your daughter's life, what goes through your mind?
One of the reasons I wanted to speak to him, I wanted to speak to him as a father, one father to another father.
Did you get any kind of insight into what may have been the main trigger here?
I don't think there is any one particular theme that spit out more than another.
Had he been able to work out in his head what had happened to his son?
Not particularly, no.
Do you have it in your heart to forgive Adam Lanza for what he did or is that simply a step too far?
It's definitely a kind of a step in this process.
Without getting into any detail of any of the gun control debate, do you think that particularly the politicians who it seems to many people are making decisions based around protecting their political lives, if you like, over their principle, do you think if any of them had had to go through what you and your family have gone through, what any of the families of Sandy Hook, you think they would make decisions like that in a different way?
Speaking from my own experience, which is all I can do, is just say that whenever something happens in your life that you're faced to make that kind of hard decision, and it changes your outlook on the entire world, then it needs to make some kind of a change within you.
Do you feel lucky to have each other?
I definitely feel lucky to have her.
I mean, do you have a mechanism to cope?
The best thing we have been able to come up with is when you go through something like this and there will be that many emotions, you mentioned a whole list of emotions, all of those can happen to you in a single day or one of those emotions can take over your life for weeks at a time.
Is that a sign that you might be able to have some kind of life going forward, that perhaps didn't seem possible a couple months ago?
The morning after Emilie died, I was greeted by my other two daughters, I knew that I had a reason to continue in this life and I knew that they were my reason to get up that morning and to continue to be the best dad that I can be.
What can you say as a father and indeed, Alissa as a mother, to the two little ones about what happened to their big sister?
I think it's very important to be open about it.
What do you want her legacy to be?
ARKER: She embodied so much in her life.
What is your reaction to that?
Well, Piers, in this country, laws have to abide by the constitution of the state that they're enacted in as well as under the federal Constitution.
Or do you?
Well, I would hope the British folks talk about it as much.
If we didn't have the guns, who would you have turned to?
Wow.
Where was Winston Churchill when all this was going on?
Just say thank you.
How many existing gun control laws are there in America, do you know?
I've heard about 20,000.
Do you know how many?
Now, Piers --
Do you know how many?
Here's the point.
Do you know an answer or not?
-- back in January, if you focus on the gun, you miss the opportunity to zero in on the problem, which is never the gun per se, but always in whose hands are the guns.
Hey, how are you?
I want to talk about your body, as I always do when you come in to be interviewed by me, because you look ripped in this movie.
But did you like that story line, of the redemption, this incredibly capable, slightly tormented agent?
Yes.
What was that like?
Well, they're amazing individuals.
The obvious question is, what on Earth are you two up to?
That is me trying to get a job.
This was actually for charity, right?
It was for charity.
NIDENTIFIED MALE: How do we know we can trust this?
Banning is ex-special forces, Ranger battalion.
How are you now all?
Great.
How are you?
Great movie.
Did you think it would be good to have more women in the top roles of government?
I think absolutely.
It makes it looks like it's manly, it's powerful to have a gun and you may get away with whatever you want to get away with?
Absolutely.
How do you feel as a parent?
He wants to now and I try to hold it at bay.
Where is it?
You've got to admit, we do.
He's a bit of a heartthrob, isn't it?
Yeah, he is, and a very nice guy.
What do you think?
A hundred percent.
Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
I can't think of anybody better.
Would any actor turn that down?
Oh, yeah.
A billion dollar franchise?
I think so.
What Scottish accent?
You've still got a refuge of it.
What do you make of it?
I think it's a great comeback.
Is that an advised position for Nike, do you think, to say that look, in the end, winning is all that counts, it supersedes everything, even the kind of marital disharmony that he went through?
That is so typical of Nike, Piers.
Do you think that a more relaxed, happy Tiger has been the answer to a lot of his problems?
Yes, you know, that's possible.
What is the purpose of the film that you are making?
Well, first of all, there is already a film made called "The Framing of Joe Paterno Part One."
Do you think Jerry Sandusky is a pedophile?
Yes, I do.
So why would you want to give him the oxygen of being able to talk about his victim?
Well, actually -- wait a minute.
You don't remember slapping towels yourself, do you?
I'm not actually sure.
You're sure you never saw Mike McQueary?
I am sure.
How does that have anything to do with Joe Paterno?
Here's how.
Did you not say that?
I'll tell you what, let's take a break.
Did you not say that?
See if you can calm down.
You don't dispute that Jerry Sandusky abused boys in the shower and this boy in particular in the shower, right?
Jerry Sandusky as I said in the previous segment had his day in court.
Do you know why Joe Paterno was fired?
He was allegedly fired for not protecting the very boy whose interview I'm holding in my hand, the day he got fired that there was nothing -- no reason to protect him.
You are going to quote the Penn State Board of Trustees?
An employee claimed Sandusky abused a young boy in the shower.
How do you know that?
Because he reported it to the board.
How much money you making from it?
Zero.
You don't make any money?
This is --
Did you make any money from NBC?
No, absolutely.
You didn't make a single penny?
Not a single penny.
Your motivation seems to be to clear Joe Paterno, right?
I'm trying to figure out what the truth of the matter is.
Please stop being such an idiot, OK?
I want to find out the truth.
On behalf of the man you say you are trying to clear his name, right?
I'm trying to find the truth.
You are now attacking his family?
No.
Why are you so keen to make these victims go through more pain?
That's exactly my motivation.
If he had done any more to stop Sandusky over years of abusing boys?
He didn't know that was happening.
What do you think did occur then?
I believe that Jerry Sandusky and the victim say almost exactly the same thing occurred.
Can you explain why he testified the way he did or allowed Mike McQueary to testify?
Let me bring in somebody else who knows all about this, CNN correspondent Sara Ganim who won a 2012 Pulitzer Prize for our coverage this story.
What is your take on what my guest has been saying?
You know, piers, here's the deal.
What does it say about this country that two young boys could even consider perpetrating such a crime?
You know, it's a shame that our children grow up around children like this, and that children can actually grow up and do things like this.
Do you have any doubt that the two that have been charged are the ones that committed this crime?
I have no doubts that the shooter they have in custody -- I've seen his photo on another reporter's cell phone of the man that they have in custody.
How would you like to remember his short life?
Alive, walking around, waking me up.
When you hear that two young American boys have been charged with murder, one of whom is alleged to have gone up and shot that woman's baby in the head in a stroller, what is going wrong that can allow that mentality?
I think it's a loss of values.
And the way that this is moving in America so fast now in favor of gay rights and gay people getting the same rights as everybody else, would you have gone through the same kind of abyss?
I think the attitude towards gay rights has changed so dramatically.
Do you look at him and think redemption, I've been there, know what it's like?
I try, Piers, at this point in my life not to be in serious judgment of any person except myself, and to try to do good as I see it ought to be done.
Do they deserve redemption?
They also deserve punishment.
Tavis, let me ask you, fascinating clip there from you show, but what do you do about these two kids in Georgia who have murdered a bay in a stroller?
I've been watching most of your show tonight, Piers.
What steps should I take right now to set myself up for financial success?
Investments.
How do I start preparing for my retirement?
Suze Orman, dollars and cents, and the hottest issues of the day.
Ryan, why are you so opposed to gay people getting married?
A DEFENSE": You know, I'm not really opposed to anything in this situation.
Are you in favor of gay marriage?
I'm in favor of having the citizens have the authority to go to the ballot box and vote about marriage.
Are you in favor or against gay marriage?
I'm in favor of marriage between a man and a woman.
That basically the reason a man and a woman should be allowed to marry rather than a man and a man or a woman and a woman, is to do with their ability to procreate?
I don't think it's only that.
Is that part of it?
That's part of it.
So would you ban everyone over the age of 50 from getting married?
No.
Is your answer to that question yes?
The Supreme Court looked at these cases of the fundamental right to marry for prisoners and they understood again because of what marriage is, is a union of a man and a woman, prisoners have that same right partly because they come out of jail and they still have lives.
What it boils down to?
I feel compassion for you, and I'll tell you why.
Where does the American Constitution say that a same-sex couple can't get married?
The Constitution doesn't, which is why the Supreme Court shouldn't say that.
Do -- is that what you think is going to happen?
But don't want to have to obscure -- I think these are secondary issues.
Why?
So how do we strengthen the message that they shouldn't get divorced.
What if you were sterile and you couldn't have a child?
And marriage is what connects the mother and the father with each other for the child.
Really?
-- we can have the government out of the marriage system.
Really?
We're in the court of this public opinion, but in America, there are lots of people who agree with me.
How old are you?
I'm 31.
Is it more of them than us?
It's -- I think at this point it is more of them than us, if you define us as main street, the people possibly in this room.
So what's the interest rate of your student loans?
I'm going to act like that's rhetorical because I don't know.
Suze, what would you recommend?
Well, now here we have the argument --
OK?
Arguments over marriage.
Is she?
Yes.
So that's why -- because -- do you feel -- and do you feel like you're OK?
Yes, I do.
Really?
OK.
So do you have more than one piece of real estate?
Yes, I do.
How many do you have?
Two, going to be three.
Are they really complicated, your taxes?
On and off.
Fundamentally, is it getting older or younger now, the retirement age of most Americans?
Years ago, I used to sit and I used to say to everybody, take Social Security at 62.
You have piece for Tiger Woods?
I love this for him.
What do you make of that as a marketing ploy?
I think that was a very, very large mistake.
How do you recover from it?
Here's what you understand, if there was ever a time to go through bankruptcy, it is now.
What do you think about Cheryl Sandberg's new book "Lean In"?
Love it.
But if it's a woman producer and she leaves your hotel room at 3:00 or 4:00 in the morning, what's everybody going to think?
Hard working girl.
Another glass ceiling gets chipped away?
I love that.
Do you want to get married, by the way?
Oh, so badly here, I can't even tell you.
And how would you suggest going about that?
Well, you have to first teach them where are they going to get this money that they're going to save.
Why are you giving them an allowance?
Well, they have to earn it.
Are you saving money for you?
I am trying.
Do Americans overspend?
Yes, Americans overspend.
If I could get you to leave us with one overriding thought for all Americans tonight to think about money in a sensible way, what would you want it to be?
That, you know, just seriously to live below your means but within your needs.
What's your next great idea?
I was thinking about this.
Do you know any of the other homeowners whose houses have been affected, Jude?
Yes, we do.
Are they all showing the same kind of stiff upper lip spirit that you are?
One of them at least was that we talked to, because he's the one that came around after the fireman to tell us if they were having to check all of the water lines.
What are the -- what are the experts telling you?
Right now, not much.
Are you going to stay there, Richard?
Oh, yes.
Are you concerned about that?
.
That's an unbelievable analogy to make, isn't it?
Those are your words.
Why is it uncanny other than they're two young black boys?
I'm going to try again.
You know?
But you go on to say liberal media should ask if what these two black teens did to a woman and baby is the reason people think blacks might be risky.
Of him flicking the bird?
No, no, no.
But you know why they're angry?
Absolutely.
Are you going to carry on tweeting?
They indict him with photographs of Trayvon Martin that don't accurately portray the person.
But do you accept that what you've done is not helpful to George?
I -- of course I do.
Do you think he'll be out in a year's time?
I don't think it makes any sense to take a guy who's number one in the time slot, even though all the TV critics, the New York wise guys think that he's not hip and he's not cool, we went through this with Conan.
Was it fair, though?
I think it was -- it doesn't really matter if it was fair.
Are you available if they decided to go in a different direction?
If money is right, everyone is available, Howard.
How do you fix it?
Well, I think they have to get over this period of media attention.
Bad management?
I think bad management -- change of management.
What does that tell you about what is really going on there?
But one reason it gave me pause is that I was able to report a couple of weeks ago on "The Daily Beast" that Matt Lauer had offered to step aside.
What do you make of this?
Yeah.
Three a month?
We are increasingly living in a garrison state.
It's a pointless point-scoring exercise, isn't it?
Well, you know, pretty harsh words about him being mean to children.
What's that?
The solution is this, the American people would, I'm sure, be quite happy to pay five dollars each to go and see the White House.
Ben Ferguson, will you always remember where you were when Bill O'Reilly publicly supported gay rights in this extraordinary manner?
You know, there's a lot of people like myself that support civil unions.
Ben, are you married?
But also are very clear.
Let Abby Hunstman?
You're married.
Why did you not just get a civil union then?
Because I believe that marriage -- and the sanctity of marriage, and what it represents, was important for me and for what I believe in.
Could you imagine a situation in 2016 where the Republican candidate who takes on whoever the Democratic candidate is would be anti same-sex marriage?
Absolutely.
No, what I mean is, could you imagine a Republican candidate who didn't support same-sex marriage in 2016?
It would be -- I don't think they could actually win a general election, is my answer to that.
But this must feel a bit surreal, doesn't it?
Yes.
When did you have the germ of the idea?
'ALOISIO: So, it was about two years ago, when I was 15.
What was it about you, do you think, that they liked?
Fundamentally, I think it came down to the idea.
Or are you hopeful it's going to become ever bigger?
No, I'm really enthusiastic by the opportunity at Yahoo1.
Reaction?
No, from my perspective, I think we have robust I.P. that we've been developing for the last two years.
You thinking of doing a new campaign, because he's worth it?
No, I don't.
Are you single at the moment?
No, I do have a girlfriend.
Really?
'ALOISIO: Yes.
How is she feeling about the fact you're now worth 30 million dollars?
I don't think that really comes into it.
What will it take to stop the bloodshed?
This is our best chance in more than a decade to take commonsense steps that will save lives.
What do you make of it?
Well, we certainly wouldn't want somebody like that shooter to have that much arsenal at his disposal, and we must make changes so that we do find out these people in advance and stop that before massacres occur.
What can America do to try and identify them?
And that's a great point.
At what point do the lawmakers of America say we're going to try and stop the increase in the sale of assault weapons?
Our governor put it very well when he said what more do we need to know.
I mean, if the only thing that comes out of all this, out of the senseless massacre of 20 young children at Sandy Hook, is background checks, doesn't that qualify for a shameful response, the type that President Obama is talking about?
I would be very, very disappointed and I think many of the -- many of the families would be disappointed if that was the only thing that came out of all -- all of this tragedy, the background checks.
What are these likely to be?
Well, an NRA certificate just means, I'll assume, that they either attended a class or obtained the material that's available in libraries all across the country.
What is the problem, really, ideologically even for the NRA, which had a lot of members obviously who like guns, what is the problem in just reducing the freedom of people like Adam Lanza to buy assault rifles like an AR-15?
Well, the problem is that we're using terminology very loosely and we have to be very careful when we use terminology that we're even talking about the same thing at the same time.
How can that be logical to an intelligent adult mind?
You know, if you double the number of guns owned by people who aren't misusing them, it's going to have no impact.
What do you say to that?
Well, I just think people are just flabbergasted to hear this.
Dana Loesch, how can that be an appropriate response to what happened at Sandy Hook?
Well, simply, Piers, because we have gun laws already on the books.
At what point, Dana, do you say, you know what, we're just going to make it tougher for people to be able to have this kind of arsenal?
Well, Piers, you realize that Adam Lanza, according to the "L.A. Times," the "Portland Observer," numerous local media report in Connecticut, he did try to purchase a firearm.
Why is that?
Well, I think if you look at the history of gun laws, make a list of which cities and states have the most oppressive gun laws.
How do you explain that, Grover, in any rational way that convinces me that countries that don't have guns in mass circulation have almost no gun crime?
Well, if you compare apples and apples and look at the United States, and obviously Brazil and South Africa and other countries have a great number of gun crimes and they have very serious gun laws, so gun laws haven't solved the problem in other countries, and where you put in more gun laws in Australia and Britain you've had more crime in general.
Van?
Well, first of all, that's just actually not true but I want to say a couple of things.
That's not -- it's a false premise?
No.
Do you know more about these weapons than General McChrystal does?
Evidently because --
Are you telling me that doesn't qualify as an assault weapon?
By the technical definition, no, Piers.
-- to the shooting dead 26 people in five minutes?
Hold on, hold on.
-- that has nothing to do -- I'm sorry, you said?
By the way, the latest CBS poll shows that support for these gun control measures is tanking.
Seven lives lost are OK?
You know what, Dana, seven is better than 30, yes.
Dana, when did I say disarmament?
I'm taking it down -- I'm using your logic and going down that road.
Is the gay marriage debate lost to those that oppose it?
Well, it's an interesting question.
Dana Loesch, what do you think?
I'm not quite sure whether or not it's lost.
Is it that kind of repositioning?
It's sad.
Isn't that an incredibly salient point?
You know what, Republicans all throughout, Piers -- I agree with that because Republicans -- that's why you have the Republican party because they split from Democrats and they split from -- you know, the KKK was the militant faction of that.
Can I respond to that?
Unfortunately, Van, we've got to move on.
What do you make of that, Grover Norquist?
Well, she's had a tremendous career.
Dana Loesch, can we reach any point of agreement on Barbara Walters?
I grew up watching Barbara Walters.
Van?
I have had the honor to be on "The View" with her, watching her.
Isn't that quite extraordinary?
It is, but you know my father is a very humble man, and if you were to ask him about that, you know, he would just kind of say, aw, shucks and want to talk about something else.
But do they know each other?
I don't think they ever met.
Do you think there's some merit to that argument?
I'm sure there's some merit to the argument.
Aren't we in the same position here?
I don't think so, no, not at all.
What message would he have to people on Easter, do you think?
That Jesus Christ has risen.
What have you unearthed of this book that is new?
Well, you know, when you read the Bible, you hear very spare statements like "and they flogged him" or "and they crucified him."
Have you learned more about the kind of politics and religious corruption that led to the murder of Jesus Christ?
Yes.
What is your response to that?
Well, it's not at all anti-Semitic.
In terms of the mythology around the death of Jesus Christ, what would you say now is definitely myth and what is indisputable pretty well widely agreed fact about what happened?
Well, there's no question there was a Jesus.
What do you think was built up that is just not true?
Well, I think a lot of the sort of Sunday school, if I may say it that way, images about the cross, the crucifixion, sometimes these are almost -- almost placid in their presentation, a calm Jesus hanging on the cross.
Do you think there is now irrefutable evidence from a scholastic point of view that it does date to at least the time when Jesus was alive?
Well, you have been very kind to me in calling me a scholar.
What is it like being called the pastor-in-chief to the president of the United States?
Well, you know, it's been an honor to work for this president.
Well, what do you say to the president at a time like that?
You know, we spent a lot of time mediating on Scripture, Second Corinthians, where it talks about how outwardly, we are wasting away, but inwardly, we are being renewed day by day because our light and momentary troubles are leading to something better.
What do you say, as a pastor that has to talk to people who may be confused about this, what do you say about the evolution, I guess, of gay rights and gay marriage in America?
Yes.
What do you make of what is going on here?
Yes.
And what is the kind of thing you used to e-mail him which really moved him?
Sure.
And if there was one Scripture that you could use or one extract from a Scripture that you would send to any would-be president, which one would you choose?
That's a great question, Piers.
As the older, the eldest sibling, what was your reaction to that treachery?
Oh, well, Rahm is, you know, you've heard of sibling rivalry.
When you look back over your early childhood together, what was it, do you think, about the environment and atmosphere of the Emanuel household that drove you guys to be so successful?
So, first, let me make clear that when we had graduated from high school, there is no one who would have said, oh, those Emanuel boys, they're destined to succeed.
Basically, Ari's behavior ever since, it's down to you two, isn't it, tormenting him in that bunk bed?
Yes, but once you don't -- didn't read, Piers, is that he really enjoyed that and --
And despite all the rivalry, you're actually very loyal to each other, aren't you?
Oh, yes.
What was all that about?
Well, I -- it's not about the book, but it's about the fact that, uh, whatever.
Did they take the Ari golden corn tamale off the menu?
No, it's still there.
Does it sound like the kind of brother you've come to know and love, the one you used to torment in his bunk bed?
Well, I think -- look, Ari is a lovely person.
-- who is the single most impressive celebrity or famous public figure you ever met in your life who you would sign up if you were running a talent agency?
I've met a lot of famous and, I think, very impressive people.
And if you were White House chief of staff, what is the single most important policy you would, if you had complete power, encourage a president to bring in to improve America?
Well, at that moment, I have -- I'm in health care.
-- what are you thinking?
Whoo.
Are you surprised at the speed of your ascent?
It depends.
America, I would imagine, remains the holy grail for all singer-songwriters, in the end, doesn't it?
I'm -- I'm still surprised I'm like on single (INAUDIBLE), like I have the opportunity to release singles here, um, for English musicians, America is always an untouchable thing.
Anything you want to get off your chest?
No.
No truth to the rumor I'm just about to invent that she dumped Harry Stiles for you?
No, I think --
The better looking, extra member of One Direction?
To be honest, when that -- when -- when that rumor came out, it kind of felt like a bit of -- a bit of lazy journalism, to be honest, because I think people when -- whenever she's pictured with someone, people will say that she's dating them, whoever they are.
How can you be so sure that as your fame continues, the money continues, et cetera, you won't fall prey to a very familiar rocky path?
I -- as you know, in the industry, you meet a lot of people who -- who are fond of drugs and they're -- it really -- I met a lot of them when I was quite young, like 16 or 17, and it really just put me off.
Seriously?
-- a bit odd.
What do you feel when you see that?
I think it's sad.
I think it's -- I think it's sad that there weren't more people telling her that, to be honest, because you could say that to her, but is she necessarily going to listen to you?
No.
You write most of your music or all of it?
I'd say, yes.
Where do you get the inspiration for this stuff?
I'm influenced by a lot of things.
Who's your hero?
Probably my dad, to be honest.
Why?
Because he got me into all of that stuff.
ORGAN: And if I took you to a desert island and left you there and you could have one album, not yours, to listen to the rest of your life, what would you have?
Really, Van Morrison and the Chieftains album called "Irish Heartbeat," because that -- that was the first --
And if you could take one woman to the desert island to listen to the music with, who would that be?
Uh --
And do you think that he should be executed if he's found guilty?
I think he should get the exact amount of mercy he gave everyone in that theater.
Did you feel that in some way he was trying to cheat natural justice?
The man is a coward.
Has your view of the death penalty changed because of what happened in Aurora that day?
I think that in a society that is as violent as ours, we need a lot of different ways to control it and the death penalty is one.
Have you thought through what the additional torment of a trial, with all the details that may emerge about what happened, not just to your son but the others that lost their lives and were wounded would all come back?
I can only speak for myself and for my family.
Are you any nearer having any kind of understanding why Holmes did what he did?
I have no interest in understanding him.
What is your view of the gun control debate in America right now?
I watched the senator today on CNN and it seems like everybody wants to point fingers at everybody else and talked about filibustering.
What do you say to those politician who say, well, I'd love to -- I'd love to vote for an assault weapons ban but it may cost me my job?
I say if you have to do your job by lying, you need to get another job.
Let me ask you first, Dana, we had a pretty civilized discussion today on your radio show, but when you hear a man like Tom Teves speak so eloquently and just desperate for something to happen, what do you say to him?
It was absolutely heartbreaking.
Do you really think in your heart that the correct response of a great nation like America to an appalling atrocity like Sandy Hook is to race to sell more guns, more ammunition, and to expand gun rights?
Well, first of all the murderer in Colorado who killed 12 people should be executed 12 times.
Now, when you hear those kind of statistics, I suppose the obvious question is this: Does a wrong conviction of somebody -- and we don't know whether someone being executed -- we have to presume, I would imagine that some may have been before this -- does that on its own not count enough for the desire to execute others?
I think if we are going to have the conversation about whether or not the death penalty is a legitimate form of punishment, that's a conversation that folks can have.
What do you feel about that?
Look, there is a Second Amendment and it's important.
So, finally, and very quickly, Grover Norquist, are you claiming responsibility for the president taking his eye off the ball?
I think the sequester is responsible for the president not doing as well on basketball as he might.
And should they think about that going forward?
It's a great question.
Would you jump in a different way if you knew there was a big drop off?
You know, I think that this thing was just a fluke.
What is your advice to him going forward in terms of rehabilitation, not just physically, but mentally?
Well, I think, number one, he has to do his rehab because, you know, when you're young, and you get hurt, Piers, you try to always rush and come back.
Have you become homophobic?
Over I'd say less 10, 12 years, I've enjoyed such a degree of independence and freedom, I can basically do whatever I want.
Are you homophobic?
Yes, on the -- on the surface it sounds really bad.
What difference would that make?
To me it's an important difference but I don't think we have time to go into it right now, when you read it in the transcript, which I'd gone back and created, I can do a couple of things to show you and highlight --
Are you somebody that objects to a gay lifestyle and to gay marriage?
If the question is asked to make things simple for the audience and I believe that it is, I'd like to make it even simpler.
So you're not homophobic?
If you want to keep this simple for the audience, let me just give you a straight no, I'm not homophobic.
Why didn't you know what you were talking about?
Because the nature of spontaneous improvisation, I had done it a complete show as truth and then the audience requested reality.
Are you -- with all the members of the gay community who are outraged by what you said, are you -- are you sorry?
Yes, I am very much so because what's being questioned is my support for that community.
And do you have any problem with gay marriage?
No, I don't.
Do you support it?
I do.
So you support full gay rights?
Absolutely.
What do you mean?
I mean that I have been diligently working for the last five years on a project that is if I have not managed to convince you that I have very much at stake in putting this question to rest is Michelle Shocked homophobic, does Michelle Shocked support the gay community --
Do you feel to your satisfaction?
Well, you've answered them very clearly and people can make their own minds up if you mean it.
Why have you given me the big exclusive interview?
Because when you were on this other show you were (EXPLETIVE DELETED).
How does that make you feel?
I'm outraged.
When did you hear that Nathan had been killed?
I heard Monday, early afternoon.
Let me ask you, Bernadette, as Katie's mother and as the grandmother of these poor young girls now who have no father, what is your reaction as you found out more and more about the background here?
Disbelief, I think, because there's so many mistakes.
Do you have a view about gun control, about background checks, about any of those things that have been so heatedly discussed in America?
I think that they need to be more cautious and I guess look into who purchase these guns.
Have you been able to explain it at all?
I haven't went into detail.
Can you answer that question?
I don't want Dr. Murray to answer that question.
Can I ask you, do you know -- I mean, do you know the answer to that question?
Absolutely.
Who was employing Conrad Murray to be a practitioner for Michael Jackson?
Well, there's no question in my mind, Piers, that the concert promoter employed Conrad Murray.
It all comes down to him, doesn't it, in the end?
Well, not all of it.
These are people working for AEG?
These are people working for AEG, working for him, working for the show.
How significant will any of that be when this trial starts?
Could be very significant.
Do you think there's any truth in that?
I really don't.
But when you hear Conrad Murray behave like that, that's not the behavior of, as he would pitch himself to us, being a decent, honorable, straightforward physician, is it?
No.
Is she going to win, Katherine Jackson on behalf of the family?
She and the children are going to win, in my opinion.
Who are these school employees who are going to be trusted with being the great defenders against shooters?
Well, I think first, you look at the recommendations.
Is he -- does he say that schools are gun- free zones or not?
Well, I can't speak for Mr. LaPierre, but let me say this about Asa Hutchinson.
He's not in the gun business?
Oh, no, wait a second, to fight the background checks, which is where America's come, which is where I told you America would come the last time I was on your program.
Why are we not having this done in Washington?
Well, I mean, it's politics and people want to blame the Republicans.
And Jay's existing contract, I think, ends in probably September of 2014?
September 2014.
How long do you want it to go on?
Let's listen to a bit of this lovely duet last night between these two guys.
Ken, are we buying all this bonhomie between everybody over there now, that it's all one big happy family and the transition has been agreed?
No, I don't think it is at all.
Could he do that, do you think?
Well, they decided not to do it when Conan was available.
Ken, would you go to Fox if you were Jay if you were offered it?
If I were Jay, I would take my dignity and leave quietly and count my millions.
Bubba, how the devil are you?
I'm doing great.
How are you doing?
I'm good.
Now, is this hovercraft true or is it just an April Fool gag?
No, it's April 2nd.
How are you going to beat him?
Hopefully he gets sick.
How's it changed your life in the last year?
First you've got to look at the adoption.
Any other deeply intimate, personal questions you want to get off your chest (INAUDIBLE)?
Yes, you know -- yes, I do.
Is it because I'm British?
No, it's just because you are that (ph).
What is the point of me interviewing you if all you're going to do is call me that?
Well, it's not really -- it's not you inviting me back.
Do you like the celebrity aspect of what you've become since winning the Masters?
No, I don't think anybody should like being a celebrity.
P.J. Crowley, are we heading to any kind of nuclear conflict with North Korea here?
I really don't think so.
At what point should the United States consider some kind of military attack, albeit from a defensive standpoint if we can't put up with these saber rattling threats any longer?
I think we need to be careful there.
Should China be doing more to get North Korea to put a cork on it, to put it bluntly?
I think -- I think -- Piers, you're exactly right.
How far could they reach?
ROWLEY: Well, they have a nuclear capability.
Why did you retract it?
I did retract is because after rereading it and then, you know, hearing from you and other people say, maybe it was a bit crass to use that word.
ORGAN: Do you?
I have friends together 40 years.
Do you agree to that?
You are linking --
Do you agree to that?
Let me tell you what I don't agree with.
Do you understand why gay people -- why gay people find that particularly offensive?
But it's interesting.
Where does it stop?
Let me talk about redefinition of marriage.
Where does it stop?
You've raised a good point.
What is your answer to that?
Those are laws that were made by man.
You said ultimately it's about changing the culture of the country, it inevitably lead to teaching our public school kids that gay marriage is a perfectly fine alternative and no different -- why shouldn't they be taught that gay marriage is a perfectly fine alternative?
I don't think it's a perfectly fine alternative.
Hmm?
Same-sex marriage.
Is it a crime against nature?
I'm not going to get into if it's a crime against nature, whatever.
Pretty shocking stuff from Michael Reagan, wasn't it?
Yes.
It just annoys people, doesn't it?
Well, I don't know.
So it's not as bad as we think, this guy?
No, sir, not at all.
I mean, this is unusual behavior, even by sporting coach standards, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
ORGAN: I mean did -- did other players feel that he went too far?
Yes, sir.
And how would he react if anyone tried to stand up to him?
You know, he would get into, you know, heated argument.
Was he ever homophobic when you were playing in terms of the way he spoke to players and was he ever racist?
No, sir, not at all.
Did he motivate you?
Yes, he did.
Why not?
Well, I felt that he was -- he was viewed in a -- in a wrong manner.
Valerie?
Well, even if he deviated from the standard of care, he didn't cause the death of Michael Jackson because on the night Michael Jackson died, he was not on a propofol drip.
Did you read the toxicology?
Absolutely.
He had propofol in every single of the eight specimens, OK?
That's correct.
What was expected of Conrad Murray, and is it true that it was AEG paying Conrad Murray directly, not Michael Jackson?
First of all, I'd like to point out that Conrad Murray never received a dime for caring for Michael Jackson.
Isn't a doctor paid -- if you render services for two months, aren't you paid for those services if your patient dies and suddenly you aren't -- you don't get paid for the two months that you took care of a patient?
But that becomes an issue of litigation between Conrad Murray and AEG, I guess.
Well, Tom, I mean -- Tom, from a legal point of view, that e- mail is going to be pretty significant, isn't it?
Very significant.
And you'd lost your left leg and nearly died?
And he's a drummer.
When this accident happened, did you both feel that this could be it, that you were going to die?
I was behind him 10 feet.
How is the leg?
The leg is wonderful.
$6 million man?
The leg is a -- every hour it feels like, you know, it's Christmas Day to me right now.
Is there a particular threat because we have a new young certainly unpredictable leader there, or is it just the same old stuff?
I think you always have to worry about North Korea.
I mean, what happens then?
Well, it's always the wild card.
Is the onus really on China rather than America to control what's going on?
Well, I think, first of all, Robin hit it exactly right.
Am I wrong here?
Well, look, let's take the examples, and I hate to disappoint you, but let's take the examples of the recent cases.
So are you against universal background checks?
Look, I think it depends what you mean by universal.
Why would any rational person not want to know who is selling guns to who?
First of all, under the current gun check system, we know that 70,000 convicted felons have tried to buy a gun.
The question I'd raise for you is you think any of the kids in South Side Chicago who are parts of teenaged gangs are going to go out and go through a gun check?
But when you sell a car --
What are you trying to accomplish?
When you sell a car, Newt -- when you sell a car, you have to register it, you have to know who has sold it and to who.
I mean, what does that mean?
Yes.
Why?
Because I want to know -- I want to know if you're a criminal, I want to know if you're mentally sound.
Sorry if again I sound naive but why the hell wouldn't I want to know that?
OK.
Why?
The greatest gun salesman in American history is President Barack Obama.
Do you agree with the Catholic bishops?
Well, I can assure you I'm going to read their reasoning and I'm going to try to understand why they took that position.
Do you agree with your own bishops?
You know, I think we could have a wonderful evening and we'll talk and we'll compare notes on your position on right to life and my position on guns, and maybe during the course of the evening, we could have a Catholic to Catholic come-together and decide exactly how much each of us could support the bishops.
What was your reaction to the great Roger Ebert?
Well, it's very sad to hear of his passing, although he and others, myself included, knew that it was -- it was going to happen at some point.
He either gave you a thumbs up or gloriously if you were a real triumph, two thumbs up, or a thumbs down and it could make or break a movie, couldn't it?
Yes.
How should we remember Roger?
Yes.
How would he like to be remembered?
I think that Roger would like to be remembered as a real communicator about the power of movies to give people really insights into themselves.
How should we remember Roger Ebert and what advice do you think you should give to other film critics who may be coming up on the blocks as to how they should do this quite unique job that he did?
Wow.
I guess you two probably came across him a few times, right?
Yes, I bumped into him a couple of times.
What effect did it have on actors?
Well, I tell you, one time I was in a green room going on to Oprah Winfrey with, like, Universal executives in the green room, Ronnie Howard, Brian Grazer, Kurt Russell, Robert De Niro, and they all got up when he walked in the room, and they all sort of milling around him, and like making sure he was OK.
How do you come together in time for the next election in 2016 with any kind of united front when these social issues appear to be ripping the party in two?
I think it's an overstatement about it bifurcating the party, Piers, because actually I prefer to be in a party where diversity viewpoints on these issues are welcome rather than the party that seems to have this litmus test that you must feel a certain way.
Why can't they be married?
They don't get it.
Kellyanne?
He -- Piers, he could have been stopped.
How would you stop him?
James Holmes could have been stopped had the police listened to his therapist who had actual knowledge --
How much more does somebody have to do before America goes no, we're going to stop these people getting such easy access to this kind of fire power?
The vast majority of people who have mental illness problems never hurt anybody.
What do you call tiny numbers?
A tiny --
Do you know how many have been killed by guns since Sandy Hook?
Absolutely.
Haven't you?
Every time you make this argument, every time you make it, the -- what you do is you start with the mass murderers, and then you will ask how many gun shootings there are.
Why shouldn't guns be regulated exactly the same way as cars, alcohol, tobacco?
Well, you're not talking about whether they should be regulated or not.
Do you believe those will be stopped by background checks?
No.
Kellyanne, do any of the proposals that you've heard about controlling gun violence in America, do you support anything that would actually reduce the number of guns in circulation?
Yes -- well, I support true background checks that allow us to know who has the gun, meaning without registering them because that doesn't work.
Why?
Well, this is why we're having this debate.
Do you need that to protect your home and your family and your land?
No.
You want to be a Brit, really, don't you?
I think it may happen someday.
Jodi, are you as offended as everybody else seems to be the president called an attorney general the best-looking in the country?
You know, I see why this is not a great story for the president, because Kamala Harris is a brainy, up and coming politician and it is a little strange that her national introduction to the political stage is a discussion about whether or not it was OK for the president to call her pretty or not.
Would you feel equally affronted?
It's not the same.
Why?
Different people in different situations.
If he told lower ranking employees in his administration, for example, that they were good-looking but they happened to be men, would you feel that that was equally offensive?
No, because that's not a barrier to men participating in the work force.
I mean, there's feminism and there's feminism and then there's nonsense, isn't there?
I don't think it is.
Really?
Yes.
That's a disgrace?
HAIT: She needs and deserves to be judged on her merits and her qualifications, not to be --
But, Piers, would you walk into an editorial meeting for your program and say to a female producer in front of everybody else, you look fantastic today?
I don't -- look, (a), I've got 90 percent female staff.
But who cares?
No, you're a very handsome man and that's completely out of bounds.
Jodi?
-- we maybe parsing an even smaller matter, Piers, because this is literally one word out of place which is significant in part only because Michelle Obama is so careful in everything she says that it's very rare to hear her make any kind of gaffe whatsoever.
Jonathan, do you find it another disgraceful incident?
No, I would attach zero significance to that.
Senator Mitchell, how are you?
I'm fine.
I mean, can you see a scenario where America would have to do something?
Well, we are obligated by treaty, of course, with South Korea to defend if there is an attack upon South Korea.
What is the more -- what is the consistent strategy you think that's most effective?
It's pretty hard to improve upon Theodore Roosevelt's statement that you should walk softly and carry a big stick.
Uncle Jeremy?
Yes.
Are you going to have a beard in the "Entourage" movie?
No.
And can you watch your language please?
You'll always be Ari.
How do you get away, even from your closest nearest and dearest, from being the great Ari Gold?
Well, you know what's funny is I -- is I came up with that sketch and, I just thought it was a really fun way to -- just to kind of send up the whole, you know, preconceived notion of it all, because, you know, before I had done that role, there was no reference to me being anyway near or like that character.
I wanted you to -- I said, my exact words to you were, can you treat me like Lloyd?
Yes.
Have you met him?
I -- I have met him, yes.
Was he flattered or enraged?
Well, I -- no, he certainly was not enraged.
I mean, can I tell a story?
Yes.
What -- did you -- did you see the end of the "Funny Or Die" clip?
I did.
Where will it be, Mr. Selfridge?
Right in the front of the store.
How bad is it?
It -- well, I have no idea, because you know what's interesting is when I met with the producers for "Mr. Selfridge," I said, Harry is from Chicago and there's a very hard Chicago accent.
Do you go along with that?
IVEN: I -- I do.
Is it going to happen, do you think?
Well --
I don't know, but do you know?
I -- you know, I feel like I'm the last to know, if that makes any sense.
Can you give me a flicker of hope?
Well, yes.
Can he?
Not at all.
How much is Hollywood to blame in terms of the culture, the system, the way it builds up big stars and then maybe leaves them alone when they're on the skids?
Right.
What would you say to them?
Well -- I mean, definitely surround yourself with great people.
What do you make of the way the debate's gone?
You know, it's been incredible how everything has shifted just I would say in the last year.
Would you like to get married yourself?
Oh, definitely.
What was the original purpose of this film?
Well, originally, the director and I just set out to go find one of the world's last undiscovered waves.
But how did you hear about this and what prompted you to get involved?
Well, Geoff and I were friends and I knew he had quite a few projects on the go as a producer, reality-based, and some in the spirits world.
Are we talking about another Rwanda happening that we're just not really covering much?
The size of it, I think, is difficult to determine and less important than the fact that there is a definite civil and political conflict there that needs attention.
So how are you going to get this hyped enough to really make a difference, do you think?
Well, I think one of the things that we're going to try to do, which a lot of filmmakers that have low budgets try to do is really engage the community.
Are you concerned about treading into the political arena like this?
Not -- not necessarily.
What do you say to them?
Well, I mean, I think we all, you know, the -- the human condition should be put at the fore because I think there's a ripple effect.
Are you ready to get on the computers?
Yes.
What kind of response to the worst school shooting in American history is that?
Well, as you know, this is something the president as you know, feels really personally deeply about.
Isn't that what the president should now be doing?
Well, I think that is what the president has been saying to both members -- to both parties, and you know, the reality in the senate today is that the overwhelming majority of Democrats support background checks, and all we need is a small minority of Republicans in the United States Senate to join with the 90 percent of Americans to support doing this.
How would you sum up her tenure?
Well, I think I come from the opposite side of the political divide, if you like, being a labor prime minister.
Why was she so divisive?
Look, she took some very difficult decisions and she took decisions that were often extremely unpopular, so you know, even though over here in America, she would be I think admired probably both sides of the divide.
What was she like in private, Margaret Thatcher?
Well, the fascinating thing because obviously, I grew up in the sense politically with her as the prime minister, very distant figure.
Are you speaking as somebody who perhaps is in a similar position, a divisive reaction perhaps back home, but oddly popular perhaps in America as she indeed has proven to be today?
Look, I think part of the problem is in modern politics particularly, that if you're in power for any length of time, you take difficult decisions.
Rudy, she was quite something, wasn't she, Margaret Thatcher?
She sure was.
Why is that, do you think?
First of all, including by me.
Can you recognize that in somebody like her who was so consumed by the job and the power?
Sure.
What do you think her legacy should be, Rudy?
UILIANI: Well, I think revitalizing Great Britain.
This is going to be a big failure, isn't it, for President Obama if he can't do better than this?
First of all, we don't know what's going to happen.
I mean, should he be doing more of the Cuomo style of campaigning on this?
Well, I think what Cuomo did was he put together a very -- even a stricter gun control approach.
So you would encourage Republicans not to filibuster?
I would not only encourage it, I don't understand it.
How you doing?
Very well, thank you.
Niall Ferguson, as a fellow Brit, where does Margaret Thatcher rank in the pantheon of British prime ministers?
Second only to Churchill, I would say.
But where does she stand globally, do you think?
Oh, I would agree with Niall.
Would we be looking at Margaret Thatcher in a different way if she had been a man presiding over that period in Great Britain?
For the most part, not at all.
Was it fair?
Well, I have been enjoying your show not least because I heard a former editor of "The Daily Mirror" and a former Labor prime minister say positive things about Margaret Thatcher.
can I disagree with that?
Yeah, you can.
Is he doing the right kind of things with North Korea?
Well, I think we need to do more to help Japan right now and have a new American military strategy.
Niall Ferguson, guns and America, is there ever going to be a significant cultural change in America in relation to guns, do you think?
Well, I really wish there would be.
Is that your belief it will happen today?
Well, that's the belief of the South Korean Presidential Office.
What is your question?
I'm a South Korean citizen.
What is the sense you're getting form the people of Seoul?
It's two-fold.
Is it any different or do you detect it may be different?
I think for all the reasons that Kyung says, it's different mostly because nobody quite knows how Kim Jong-Un is going to react, and unlike his father and his grandfather, when one of these provocations is ratcheted up, they seemed, according to the U.S., to know how to get off, how to get on the off ramp.
What is your take on the current crisis?
Well, as Christiane said, we -- this is a new leader and we really don't know if he is the power, the main power or who is the power, you know, behind him.
Can China do enough, do you think?
Well, apparently the U.S. says no, not enough yet.
When you were on the North side, what is your experience of the North Koreans by comparison to the South Koreans?
EE: Well, if I recall my detention in Pyongyang, I thought North Korea, when you talked to (INAUDIBLE), with their pride intact.
Did you see the weapon he was using?
No.
You both think that you should be allowed to carry guns at school?
Yes, sir.
But you do have armed -- you do have armed security guards there, right?
Correct.
Where were they?
They are -- they are all throughout the campus, sir, but since there's about I'm guessing around eight of them, if I remember correctly, sir, and there's a couple hundred or thousand students on campus at one time during this, so eight officers can't guard and protect everyone on campus.
Let me ask you both, don't you think -- I mean, how old are you both?
I'm 22, sir.
You're not saying everyone should -- how many should have guns?
Anyone that's permitted and goes through the right training, sir, I think should be able to carry a gun.
Do you agree with this?
Yes.
Why would you start the conversation by being so completely facetious?
Because actually the way you've been thinking about the whole gun issue, I found just totally out of touch with reality.
So how do you equate that?
Well, they -- well, they're probably northeast liberals who don't understand --
And what do you think about the NRA's argument that the only way to stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun?
It doesn't work.
What is your reaction as to -- senators, to this letter?
My reaction is the American people are going to be very aghast and deeply angry if a handful, small group of United States senators block a vote.
But how is this going to happen nationally when there's absolutely zero interest in making this happen from a bunch of cowardly politicians who want to protect their own backyards?
Well, listen, there's zero interest amongst 14 members of the Senate.
Steve Latourette, where do you sit with all this?
Tonight I sit in Chicago, and I'm a little nervous based upon what the guy in Texas said, to tell you the truth.
Why shouldn't we know who the hell is selling guns to who?
You're presuming that they are universal background checks that will work.
Do you?
ONWAY: Yes.
It's better than nothing, isn't it?
It's a start.
It's unimportant?
Yes, it's unimportant.
-- do you think it would have, if any, if a parent of a child who was killed in Newtown -- what impact, if any, do you think it would have on Congress or America at large?
Let me go to Steven Latourette first on it.
Would it change things?
I got to tell you, any senator or member of the House of Representatives that isn't very familiar with what happened in Newtown and Columbine and Aurora has been living in a cave some place.
Even if the universal background check did lead to some form of database of who owns guns, what the hell's wrong with that?
I'm just going to venture a couple guesses.
What do you think generally of this debate?
I think that the gentleman that you were just speaking with, he said that people are -- they know what happened and they're in tune to what happened.
Marc, is this just the White House, again misplaying things?
I think it's much adieu about nothing.
Steven Latourette, I mean, am I getting worked up for the wrong reason here?
Yeah, you're getting worked up for the wrong reason.
Sure, my question is -- my question is what sort of message does it send when you have people like Beyonce and Jay-Z traveling to Cuba?
OK, good question.
Marc?
Again, much adieu about nothing.
When you watch that interview that I did with the Soto family, what was it about that that particularly struck you?
ASEY: Well, just how broken these families were and how devastated they were by this tragedy.
You are making an enemy of the NRA now with what you're doing and they will come after you, won't they?
Well, they may, and they probably will at some point.
But what do you say to those politicians, the senators up there, who are more interested in saving their seat politically than in doing something to prevent another Sandy Hook?
I'm 20 years old.
Do you think it has any place in civilian life?
No.
What was that experience like for you?
It was amazing.
Do you think there's any merit to that argument?
Personally, I feel like we haven't seen the crime scene photos.
Do you really need to see the pictures also?
He used, the shooter, 30-bullet magazines.
What do you say?
The youngest boy, Noah, was shot 11 times.
Do you think that some of the children may have survived if he hadn't had such a high-capacity magazine in his weapons?
Definitely.
Are you happy with what he is trying to achieve here?
I think he's doing an amazing job.
What is likely to happen, do you think, over the next 24 or 36 hours?
Well, it's very much a guessing game, just like we were guessing yesterday, along with the U.S. government and the South Korean government.
Nick Kristof (ph)?
It's a great question.
Would it be America or China?
Well, what do you mean by -- if there is --
-- for example, took any action directly against South Korea, for example, who would you expect to lead any kind of retaliatory action?
The U.S. will be the central force there.
I mean, do you still believe there's no need for universal background checks?
Well, Piers, our organization, the Independent Firearm Owners, supports universal background checks for people who don't know each other.
When you see the NRA statement which said expanding background checks at gun shows will not prevent the next shooting or not solve violent crime or not keep our kids safe in schools, do you disagree with that?
Well, there is a lot of truth to what they say.
When you see that happening, what is your reaction?
Well, 20 percent of all gun sales are done without background checks.
An expansion of background checks?
Well, first thanks for having me.
And how can it restart to reflect the wider public opinion in America?
Piers, there's a number of people in Washington who are trying to do various things in regard to preventing gun violence, and background checks, stopping straw purchases, stopping gun trafficking, those are the first steps.
A Glock .9 millimeter?
Uh-huh.
What do you say to that?
I think it's a reminder that most crime happens within families.
What is the idea you came up with?
OK.
Gayle Trotter, what is your view of the call for universal background checks?
I think that we should not restrict women's rights to have access to firearms.
Why just women?
Because 90 percent of violent crimes happen without the use of firearms.
Limitations if they're either mentally disturbed or criminally minded?
No, no, no.
So what?
So we are already --
What is the point?
The point that I made is most women when they're violently attacked, their attacker does not have a gun.
Why wouldn't you want to flag those people up and stop them from buying guns?
Well, I testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee in January and I had over 20 examples of women defending themselves and their loved ones with firearms.
Why do you not want to flag out people that may want to harm women?
Because the Second Amendment --
Can I ask you a question about those restrictions?
Yes.
What about if a man has a domestic violence restraining order against him, should he be allowed to buy a gun?
No, he should not.
Well, how do you know?
Well, that's the guy we were talking about earlier.
Would you like to hear about the study?
The audience is sharing my bemusement as to why you want -- you can't answer a simple question.
Why wouldn't you want a background check to protect her?
-- allow someone to be armed in the place that she was.
But why wouldn't you want to stop them from getting a gun?
Educate women to know that guns make women safer.
Why wouldn't you stop him getting a gun?
So it would be more helpful to women if you highlighted the cases of women --
We'd all help because (INAUDIBLE) guns?
-- defending themselves and their families and their vulnerable family members from violent attackers with guns.
Jeffrey, am I going mad?
No.
What do we think we know and what don't we know?
Well, Piers, this is very serious business.
What's been the reaction to this there?
Well, it's disturbing because we're talking about delivery of these weapons, Piers, and that's really been what's at issue here for South Koreans.
How did that happen and why did it happen like that?
Yes.
ORGAN: General Clark, how worried should we be, you think, right now about what's happening in North Korea?
Well, I think there's always a chance that you could have a spark, an accident, a miscalculation, an overzealous commander on one side or the other that starts something that neither side can really stop easily and gets out of control.
Governor Richardson, I mean, should the Chinese be taking a more direct role now in trying to calm things down?
I don't believe the Chinese are doing as much as they could and they're sending mixed messages.
I mean, are they supportive of their people when this kind of thing happens?
Well, I mean, you think that here is this incredibly totalitarian and brutal country.
My question is about North Korea and I just wanted to know since you've been there, what is daily life there like and what do they think about America and Americans?
OK.
Nick, what is daily life like in North Korea?
Well, I mean, a lot of it, of course, is hunt for food, for things like this, and -- but the thing that really struck me the most, Megan, when I kind of randomly walked into homes and there's always a bit of a stir, this American, you know, wanting to see a home.
Did you find it soothing or not?
I sure --
Did you sense an extreme anti-Americanism?
No, I really don't.
Tell me about that and tell me, is it always the same, is it always the same pattern?
Well, I can say they broke out of the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty.
What do you think is going to happen in the next few weeks?
My best guess is that North Korea is throwing a tantrum, it's trying to get international attention.
Americans don't traditionally do a lot of traveling, do they?
Relative to a lot of other first world countries, we are low on passport holders and we don't travel as much as I think we should.
Why is it, do you think?
I don't know.
So I'm actually wondering if you have some practical tips for somebody who is looking to go ahead and take the leap and go abroad?
Well, look, I'm all for going even deeper into debt for a travel experience and great meals.
You think it's worth that for a show about food, essentially?
I'm having fun.
I want to know what do other countries think about American food and when they think, what do you think comes to their mind, burgers, fries?
Yes.
Preparing one meal to personify America, what would you cook?
Really, I make a great hamburger.
But if you did know?
He puts those on his breakfast cereal.
Frog?
Yes.
Jellyfish?
Nope.
What do you think it is?
OURDAIN: I don't care.
This is balut isn't it?
It is.
Are you allowed to serve that in New York?
There is a very hot hipster restaurant currently in New York where hipsters with ironic facial hair and sunglasses are lined up 12 deep to get in and eat this.
Where's Tanya?
Hi, Tony.
My question is during all your travels all over the world, sampling food there, and some are your hosts, how do you react while you're on camera and you don't like something?
Look, the only times -- I try -- number one rule on the show is try to be a good guest.
What do you think should be done about guns in America?
Well, I just think all weapons should be absolutely outlawed.
We have an overwhelming majority in this country that support common sense laws that keep America safe and we just started going where is everybody?
Tell me exactly how this works.
What would you be doing right now, if you were in that job now?
If I was in that job now, I would probably be sitting in Washington waiting for the current crisis to pass.
Or is there, as some people, a chance that this could be more serious?
I think it sounds kind of similar, piers, but I think there is something different this time.
What is the significance of that?
Well, the amazing thing about north Korea is that it takes totalitarianism to an entirely new level, and besides all the control and the repression, there's a classification system that is superimposed on the entire society.
It is really, as John was saying there, totalitarianism gone crackers, isn't it?
It is an unusual place.
I mean, what should the American administration led by, say, John Kerry in South Korea, how should they be conducting themselves directly with the North Koreans would you say?
Well, I think, right now, I would agree with what Bob said earlier.
Is that true, as far as you're aware?
Yes.
How are you?
Good.
Why are you doing it and what do you hope to achieve?
It's gotten out of hand.
Do you know how much this is all going to cost you, too?
It could be from $50,000 to $100,000 a night, it looks like.
Free coffee as well?
Free coffee, as well.
-- of America right now?
I mean it's embarrassing.
What do you make of the dysfunction in Washington, where they can't seem to get any kind of budget deals done, any kind of economic plan sorted, nothing?
Oh, they're -- they're out of their frickin' minds.
Do you feel the gap between the rich and poor is just widening all the time now?
I think so.
Can't we just talk about fun stuff, girls and lakes, summertime?
We can come to girls in a moment, don't you worry.
How would you describe where you are politically now?
I'm pretty confused, though.
Why did you give up on Obama?
Just the whole way things were going with -- especially just -- just separating the country even more.
But was that his fault?
Someone's got to take the blame.
On the -- on the gay rights, gay marriage thing, are you from the -- you couldn't really give a damn category?
I don't care.
It's very touchy, but I think at the end of the day, man, it's got to fall on the woman, you know?
Guns.
Are you in favor of any gun control?
The only thing I could think of that might work -- no, I'm not for gun control.
Do you own a lot of guns yourself?
Yes, tons.
Would you consider yourself to be safe with them?
Yes.
It's as simple as that?
Yes.
So you think you need to have one for protection?
I need to have one.
And you wouldn't hesitate to use it?
No, not at all.
What if you're one of the families from Sandy Hook school?
Well, I think there's families on both sides, from what I've read.
There's very little compromise, is there?
Yes, and people are -- get so up in arms and get so hell bent one way or the other.
-- and Romney had lost?
That was fun.
Did he -- did he have a little joke at your expense?
He was -- I've always said this about Obama no matter what, he's cool.
What -- what did he say to you when he saw you again?
He probably said, you know, I think when I popped up in the receiving line, I was like -- he's like, Kid Rock, and I'm like, hey, man --
What goes on in that moment?
Because it came from Kid, it was expected.
A big gamble, though, isn't it?
I will say we left that night -- I've had many of those dinners.
You got some?
That's what Willie Nelson said.
Good thing?
Legalize it, tax the hell out of it.
Simple as that?
Yeah.
How old is your boy now?
Twenty.
What did you say to him about drugs?
Careful.
Not, don't do it?
No, because remember that time I came home, fell down, I think it was Christmas Eve, slept on the bathroom floor.
You're a living warning, basically?
Kind of, yeah.
Is he a mate?
I got to have dinner with Clint and just become, you know, I'd say a friend over the last few years.
What made you write it?
Well, I'd wrestled with perhaps doing a book one day.
That he wouldn't have liked you talking about him?
No, not at all.
How did it come about?
Well, he had always teased me for all the years that I knew him, all the guys -- I was the youngest.
Do you know?
You know, I don't know.
But it's a fortune, right?
I would imagine to most people it's a fortune.
The great moment of your life?
Wow, that is so, so tough.
After the CNN show, lots of people call me, what can we do for you?
But it was Bruno who wanted to do more to help families living in area motels.
Is that correct, do we think?
I don't want to speculate and that is speculation.
From what you saw, do you fear that the death toll is going to rise?
I do.
When you got back to your hotel and began to realize the scale of the disaster that unfold, what was your reaction?
Well, I guess I kind of mulled it over a little bit by then and wasn't -- I didn't know what was going on.
I've had a lot of contacts here, yes, since today's incident, you mean?
I want to bring in --
John, would you like to talk to Bill and tell him what you saw?
I just -- I feel bad for Bill that he couldn't enjoy his marathon finish.
What are your feelings about the people or the persons that perpetrated this act?
Yes, I thought about that myself, because it's just -- everybody else is out there having fun and you got one or two people that are trying to destroy the whole thing.
Will you continue to run marathons after this, Bill?
Oh, yes.
You think that should be the attitude of everyone in America, to what has happened?
Oh, well, I don't know.
As you were taking it, what was going through your mind?
Well, Piers, I'm on the finish line at that point and I'm just taking the late finishers of which there were another 9,000 people still yet to cross the finish line.
Do we know any hard evidence yet that could lead us to a potential suspect?
Well, there are clearly persons of interest.
ORGAN: Paul Cruikshank, from all that you've seen and heard so far, where is it leading your head as to potentially what is behind this?
We just don't know who was responsible for this, Piers.
Any significance to that?
Well, you know, Piers, here in New York, we had this disrupted subway plot which was, in fact, al Qaeda related and it involved backpack bombs.
Can you tell me when you first heard what had happened today?
I was standing about 20, 25 feet from the initial blast, so I knew immediately what was going on.
What was your reaction when you heard the first explosion go off?
HERESA PAINTER, BOSTON MARATHON RUNNER: Well, I really wasn't paying attention and then when I heard the bomb and saw the reaction of the spectators, I was just alarmed.
Were you treating people there today?
No.
What was the type of injury, how many people did you see injured there?
I saw at least six to seven people down next to me.
Have you ever seen injuries like this in your time working in Boston?
No.
What is the reaction, do you think, of the people of Boston to what's happened?
Well, I think including myself, I think everybody's really sad.
Was this akin to some of the things you've witnessed on battlefields?
Yes.
Was that going through your mind?
You know, after the initial explosion, for me, it was a little unclear as to what happened.
But what are you picking up from the White House about this, anything?
Picking up from law enforcement authorities in the government that, across this country, a number of selected cities are actually beefing up their security presence in light of what has happened in Boston.
How serious a blow is this to America's ongoing war on terror?
Oh, I think it's just too early to tell.
Will they all have to now be submitted to much higher degrees of security?
Well, I think that we have to get used to the idea that when we fight terrorism, there's no 100 percent protection that we can provide the public.
In terms of how they go forward, are those two areas going to be key?
Those two, and I would add one more, Piers.
Because could they have, from those devices, if they got there in time and could study them -- can that be a key lead, as Fran was suggesting, to getting to where this came from?
The more devices there were, the more ambitious this attack would have been, maybe more people would have been involved but it's not impossible that a lone wolf could do this.
How significant could that be?
Well, Ed Davis, the police commissioner who I have worked with a lot of years I think debunked that, said that everyone in the hospital is being questioned.
Could it be somebody using that as some reason to make a point?
Oh, Piers, it's also April 15th is tax day, where we pay our taxes.
Paul, although we don't know yet, very quickly, how soon would you expect us to have a much clearer idea?
Well, it's difficult to tell how the investigation is going to go.
What do you feel about somebody that would target such an event, knowing that people like that are there and that so many of the runners from all over the world are raising huge amounts of money for charity?
UGHES: It's the devastating part about it, especially for Newtown which is not too far from my hometown.
What do we know about the likelihood of more fatalities and more importantly, hopefully, people who can be saved tonight from injuries that you know of?
Well, if there was any good news in all this, it's that there was a lot of medical triage sort of at the site, as you have been talking about as well.
What is your reaction to what's happened?
It is a terrible day for the city of Boston, for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, for our country and for the sport of running globally.
What did you make of that, Fred?
You know, I think he speaks a lot to the spirit of the marathon and the connection that so many people feel to this particular run and this particular distance.
Finally, Fred, will there be a Boston Marathon next year?
The Boston Marathon has endured two world wars and many other things.
Fran Townsend, before we go to a quick break, a quick question for you, if it had been a foreign organization, terrorist group that had done this, would you expect them to claim responsibility by now?
Not clear, Piers.
Matt Frucci, obviously you're more -- can you hear me, matt?
I can hear you, yes.
What was it like for you to be caught up in such a horrific incident?
It was quite terrifying.
Matt, what do you think this will do to a great American sporting event like this?
You know, as a Massachusetts resident, Patriots Day is a huge thing.
Is this going to dramatically change the way that events like the Boston Marathon will have to be handled in the future?
Well, Piers, open course events like a marathon or non-stadium events certainly have these risks.
Would you be advising them to go ahead?
I think it depends on the risk profile.
You OK?
It's also miraculous that our tent didn't just fly away.
What do you think when you see this photo?
Beauty.
What was she like in high school?
Smiling all the time.
How did Krystle make you feel?
Oh, full heart, my whole heart and soul.
What kind of young woman did she become?
AMPBELL: Smart.
Lots of friends?
Oh, lots of friends.
What did that mean to you?
Oh, everything.
What do you think when you see her there?
I wish I could go up and grab her and kiss her.
How do you make sense of this?
I don't.
You can't believe something that something like this would happen to someone you love?
No.
And what do you know about the condition, first of all, of poor Martin's mother and his sister?
Martin was a great kid.
Do you know any more about their condition?
I haven't heard.
Caitlin, how did you hear about what had happened?
I had seen from another good friend of mine that she had called me and told me.
Is that your take on the Richard family?
Yes, the Richard family all around, from Denise to the father, Bill to Henry, Martin and Jane, they were always just so welcoming and kind, and I really enjoyed babysitting for them.
What was the vigil like?
The vigil was amazing.
What do we know?
Well, at this point, we are told this is according to the Senate sergeant in arms, Terry Gainor, that the envelope did test positive today at the actual lab, Piers.
Or has that already been ruled out?
That's a great question.
What is your take on where this investigation may be going?
Well, I really do think we have to be patient and wait and see.
Have you got any inside-track intelligence whatsoever that would hint at either of those two strands?
We had a initial briefing tonight by the director of the FBI as well as Secretary Napolitano and the director of the NSA.
Is there any realistic criticism that should be leveled to anyone here?
Well, I certainly wouldn't do that.
What is your view of that?
CHIFF: Well, I think it is -- I think it's very smart of them.
From everything that you've seen and read, do you see real signs that this is more likely to be some form of domestic extremist attack?
Well, honestly, Piers, I'm not sure that we know that.
From what you've seen and read, where is your head going with this?
Well, there are a couple of observations I have, Piers.
Can you see these pictures, Bob?
No, I can't see them.
What do you make of the way the investigation is unfurling here?
Piers, what I would say is actually I think the answer is something a little bit in the middle of your -- Bob Baer and Mark, what they're saying to you.
Mark Potok, if it is a domestic terror attack, is it more likely, from your experience, to be a lone wolf or part of an existing group?
Well, I think in general, it's more likely to be a lone wolf.
What would be the repercussions if, for argument's sake, it does turn out to be some sort of al Qaeda related attack in terms of the impact on countries like China who have been affected?
Well, the Chinese have been the victims of al Qaeda in the weaker part of the country.
Is that, do you think, how most people in Boston feel today?
Well, Piers, I think that when I wrote that, I probably was a little more despondent than I should've been.
Is it one of not just resolution, but determination not to be beaten?
Determination not to change our lifestyle, not to make -- not to give in to the intimidation that is at the heart of all terrorist acts.
But once you realized what had happened, did you have any second thoughts, any doubts that you should go through with it?
Well, we were not going to cancel our wedding, but we did think about possibly postponing it or coming up with alternative plans.
Robert, obviously when you realized the scale of what had happened, after horror and devastation everywhere, did that make you even more determined to go through this, as Kelli said, to make sure the terrorist didn't win?
Absolutely.
What do you make of the people or the person that did this?
Right now, you can't make sense of it.
But what has there been today that we know for sure in terms of development?
Well, we know that there has been some -- there have been some advances made in the investigation.
Do we know what any of this means?
Well, potentially it is significant.
Is that right?
Yes.
Has there -- is there a bit of chaos behind the scenes?
That's probably what you should be reading into it.
I'm well, Piers, how are you?
It's -- you're such a cheery individual by nature.
Do you know why they cancelled it?
No.
Do you know what they have seen or how clear the images are?
Well, I've been briefed, and I understand some of that and other -- and other evidence that is being pursued -- you know, yesterday the FBI asked the general public to submit their own photographs and videotape.
Why did you go to the marathon and how had your day been until that point?
It's good to see you tonight, Piers.
What made you do that?
I honestly can't tell you where I drew the power from to do that.
What did you see around you as you went into try and help?
I approached an officer first and told her I had had some medical training in the past with mass casualty stuff.
Have you made any contact with her?
I haven't been able to make any contact with her, Piers.
What is it that you were able to say to her by way of comfort in that moment of acute agony for her?
I got her to look at me, first off.
Where did you have that?
I was actually employed by a couple oil companies working in the Gulf of Mexico on offshore drilling rigs.
Did you feel that it was usually helpful of that you had been through that?
Absolutely.
I believe you're currently unemployed, is that right, Tyler?
Yes.
Would you like to do that?
Absolutely.
In terms of speculation, where is your head taking you with this investigation?
Well, Piers, I keep on going back and forth.
Is it all pointing now to the hallmarks of an al Qaeda strike?
It does.
What do you make of the way the FBI is conducting this so far?
Piers, I think it's a very difficult investigation to conduct.
How would you be playing that if you were the FBI?
I think it would depend upon how much other information they had to go along with those pictures.
Is your head moving towards al Qaeda, as many others seem to be?
As the -- two of the three people you spoke to just a minute ago were, it is tending toward that.
What do you do about that?
Well, you defeat a network with a network.
Is this a failure?
Not necessarily.
What is your reaction?
I am disgusted and so disappointed in our Senate.
If the deaths of 20 young children and your sister and five other adults at an elementary school, if that isn't enough to bring in something, what is?
You know, if they were to lose a loved one to a horrific tragedy like we did, they would feel the same way.
Are you staggered by the reaction of fellow Americans to this?
I'm disgusted with it.
What do you say to those senators that voted all this stuff down today?
That they should be ashamed.
What do you intend to do next?
Keep fighting.
What was your reaction that suddenly all these people were being brought to you?
Well, you know, we got very little notice in advance.
In terms of the severity and scale of the injuries, have you in your career ever encountered anything quite like it?
So in what we do, we will see people with injuries like this, but what's unique about this, certainly in the civilian population, is the number of patients with such severe injuries.
It seems extraordinary that so many were hit and yet so few, in the end, ended up losing their lives?
Yeah, I think this was a very unique situation.
How hard is it for you, as a human being, to see a five-year-old kid brought in who's been blown up by somebody, by a terrorist?
You know, I think it's very difficult for all of us, for all the patients.
If you were wearing your commissioner hat, what would you read into what the FBI has done today?
Well, quite clearly that they have enough information to focus on these individuals as suspects, not just persons of interest, but suspects.
Would that be your deduction?
You can guarantee they know more, they have much more video than they're putting out to the public.
Is your gut feeling that these two suspects are still around or that they would have disappeared at fast as possible?
I won't even speculate on that because it would be useless speculation at this stage of the game.
So is it likely from your experience that people that go to that length of planning and preparing and executing, would they normally have some kind of escape route, do you think?
Well, it depends.
What is your take on where we are with this investigation?
Well, first of all, I think much credit should be given to the law enforcement generally.
When they release pictures and video like this, is it safe to assume that all their decks are in a row in the sense of clearly once this goes public, these two characters will know that they're on to them, will by then they have cleared everything with the ports and the airports and so on so if they try and make a run for it to get out of the country, they're ready for them?
Yes, Piers, this is the reason that we didn't hear this before now, that premature leak yesterday may have impacted the investigation as they say, with unintended consequences.
Do you think, as my other guests have implied tonight, that they have a lot more information they're not releasing?
I think so.
Working on that, do you think the FBI again may have a better idea than we do just from what's released?
What you're seeing is the actual videos.
Also, part of what they're looking to now do by pushing these images out, everybody who was in that area guaranteed is now checking their videos, checking their photos to see, did I actually catch these two guys on my video?
Well, apparently they're being absolutely inundated both to their websites, also e-mails, calls, everything, and social media is erupting with information.
What is his condition today?
He's still in critical condition.
I mean, do you think that if you hadn't been there to do what you did when you did it, that he may not be alive today?
I don't want to speculate, but you know, I knew something was wrong.
And what has been your reaction to the release of the pictures by the FBI of the two suspects?
You know, I don't -- I hope they get them, you know.
What do you make of the development today with the two suspects given that it clearly shows a team?
Yes.
Do we know any more about who is more likely to have done this, homegrown or a foreign, perhaps al Qaeda related cell?
Well, the jury is still out.
In other words, does the FBI know a bit more and perhaps believe it may be homegrown for that reason, or are they thinking perhaps no, this is looking more and more like al Qaeda?
No, you know, Piers, I think they've been very deliberate about letting -- leaving all those options open, right, because what's really important to them is to find the individuals and once you've got them, you'll know -- for certain what the motivation was.
Is that what today is all about, that they need to have people coming on saying I know who these are?
You're absolutely right, Piers.
Jim Maxwell, looking at this device here, how easy is it for a would-be terrorist to bring this kind of thing on a backpack into a situation like this?
It would be extremely easy.
Is that how they would have done it?
Well, no.
The fact that they stayed around to see the explosions, what does that tell you about potentially the kind of construct of this device?
Well, it could go in several different directions.
Fran Townsend, in terms of the international element to this, if it is a foreign group related to al Qaeda or whatever, and they have either absconded or are trying to abscond the country, what are the wheels that go into motion there as far as national security?
Sure.
What kind of cooperation can the FBI expect from places like Pakistan?
They'll get cooperation.
What does that tell you?
It tells me that somebody had some practice here, and somebody cased the area.
If you were running the FBI with this, how worried would you be that you may never track them down?
I would be worried about it, but it was a great move today by putting their faces on television, as was said earlier by Fran.
Lisa, first of all, how are you feeling?
Doing fine.
What did you think was happening?
Oh, I was watching TV.
In terms of the injuries that Lisa suffered, it's all from the glass, is it?
She -- yeah, she has some scratches on her eyes.
Do you feel fortunate that your injuries aren't as bad as so many others?
I was just lucky.
Are any of the families allowed to go anywhere near it?
Last I heard, our uncle wasn't able to go to his house.
What is the state of play there now with all those different things?
Well, you know, talking about the blast first, Piers, and putting this in some context with respect to Boston, because you and I were talking about this last night.
What was it like to be there?
It was -- first of all, it was an honor to be able to be there, given the light of the unfortunate situation.
When you saw that breaking this afternoon, what was your reaction?
I'm just happy that they are finally getting somewhere.
And when it came to the actual moment of capture and arrest, did you actually see that happening?
No.
How are you feeling now it's all over?
It's been a horrendous week because in many different ways, all of us have experienced the horror of the bombing.
Elizabeth, what do we know about the injuries he may have sustained?
You know, we don't know much about the injuries, Piers.
Can you hear me, Susan?
Yes.
What was that like?
I think we were all just really on edge, really nervous about what was going to happen next.
What did you think about, learning that he was living here or at least hiding out here during the last 24 hours?
It was terrifying.
How does Boston come back?
Oh, geez.
What would you like to see?
Well, it's been a harrowing time for us and I'm sure for the victims' families and friends who have been spending a long week wondering where he's at.
Was it?
Yes.
Let me ask you about that, Juliette Kayyem, because that could be a big question mark once the celebration of this particular operation which has clearly been successful, once that dies down, there will be an inquest into what has gone on in the background to all this, and it has turned out the FBI did indeed interview one of these two brothers two years ago and he is somebody that they now believe was having quite serious Islamic fundamentalist development in his life, will there be raised eyebrows about this?
There probably will.
How are you feeling personally about the way this has all played out tonight?
Well, I'm feeling good.
This has been a successful operation by the FBI, hasn't it?
Yes, it has been, by all law enforcement.
What is going to happen now procedurally that they've got him under arrest and have him alive?
There are two big questions right away.
Alan Dershowitz, how will that play out, do you think?
Well, he will get a fair trial.
Governor?
Thank you.
Mayor Menino?
I just want to say very briefly -- thank you, thank you, thank you.
Commissioner Davis?
Four days ago, my city was ruthlessly attacked.
Watertown Police Chief Deveau?
As the police chief of Watertown, I can't be prouder of my community and the men and women of the Watertown Police Department.
Chief, did you have communication with the suspect?
Excuse me.
Chief MacMillan from the MBTA?
I just want to thank all those who sent their thoughts and prayers to Officer Donohue and his family.
How did the events transpire at the boat?
There was a call that came in to the Watertown police, three Boston police officers along with state troopers and FBI agents responded to Franklin Street.
Can you talk about the imperative of taking him alive?
We always want to take all the suspects alive.
Can you talk about why you wanted to take him?
We always want to take somebody alive so we can find out what happened, why it happened, and we can hold them for justice.
Have they aided and abetted the suspect?
Actually, I don't have that information.
This is it?
I think based upon our investigation at this point in time, the citizens of the city of Boston and this area can be confident that the threat has been removed.
What kind of condition is the suspect in?
Suspect is in serious condition at the hospital.
They didn't rob the 7-Eleven so how did you know they were there at the same time?
The suspects came to our attention after a vicious assassination of a police officer at MIT and a subsequent robbery that occurred where we got videotape from a gas station.
Was he shot by police officer?
The man who found him at the boat said that he was covered with blood.
What do you know about that?
My assessment of that particular incident is that he was assassinated in his cruiser.
Do you know what he was doing there?
He was responding to a call for a disturbance.
Could they have been at risk?
We certainly did not give an all-clear.
Did he have explosives with him when he was captured?
There's no report of explosives with him at capture but I got to tell you, I was at the scene last night just after this incident occurred.
Could you explain that for us?
Actually, the United States attorney may -- the FBI may want to explain that.
What was the question?
There was no Miranda warning given, they were claiming a public safety exception.
Could we get an explanation?
There is a public safety exemption in cases of national security and potential charges involving acts of terrorism.
Will you seek the federal death penalty?
You know, what I indicated earlier is that this is still an active, an ongoing investigation.
Karen?
Straight to the boat and then can or the colonel talk a little about what happened when you were on the scene.
Was the boat searched during the day on the perimeter?
Yes, it was outside the perimeter during the day.
Is there a chance the suspect won't make it?
I don't know.
And the president, going back to Jessica Yellin -- do we know what time the president's due to speak?
Was supposed to speak already 15 minutes ago.
What did you make of what they've been saying and positioning the case from the start here?
Well, they're asserting that there is a public safety exception that allows them to question him and then potentially use the information -- use the statements against him.
Are they right?
That's not at all clear.
When all this was happening, were you in the knowledge that your parents were safe?
No.
When was the moment you were able to speak to them again and realize they were safe?
It was communicated to me -- what I did was, after a joint effort between my wife, myself with a cell phone, a residential phone -- so we had three phones contacting every possible number we could, to no avail, that I literally threw the phone down, ran out the back door, jumped in my vehicle, left my home here in Natick and went to my father's home in Natick to see if I could communicate better through my business and the several phones I had there.
He said, the pain and the anger no longer a threat here in Boston -- Piers?
Jason, thanks very much indeed.
At some point, we hear that the FBI, not the hospital, the FBI will be updating his medical condition -- Piers?
Chris, thanks so much indeed.
It's been a quite a 24 hours -- Piers?
It certainly has.
Here's CNN's Tom Foreman -- Tom?
Officials are going to study this for quite some times because police officers up there did something that's never quite been done before.
And when you heard he really was nearly next door hiding in that boat belonging to your neighbor, what was your reaction?
I was -- well, you know, shocked.
Did you get any sense when you spoke to Dzhokhar that he was getting very religious suddenly or had suddenly changed his political sentiments?
Not at all, to be honest.
When you heard that it was Dzhokhar, the FBI were looking for, what was your reaction to that?
To be honest, the first time I saw the picture of the suspects on -- I saw the picture on Reddit, the picture of the suspects, you know, those were the blurry kind, at first I thought there was some resemblance there, but not enough to contact any authorities.
And how did he seem to you?
He seemed very fine.
But he never gave you any sense of being anti-American or disenchanted with his life?
No, not at all.
At university or anything?
I would say he shares an American lifestyle really more than anything.
So you say he just sounds like a regular American?
Yes, yes, he does.
It must be a huge shock to all of you, isn't it?
It is a big shock.
Are we satisfied that it was just these two brothers, that the FBI seemed to be indicating that is the case, but could they have been part of a wider group?
Well, I mean, you know, my suspicion and it's a suspicion is that they were.
Has there been an intelligence failing here?
Well, I mean, we need to know more details.
And yet he's turned clearly, whether it's his brother's influence or what it was, if that can happen to a boy like that, is there a concern there must be the possibility of other young boys like this out there, who may also be turned?
Yes, there's going to be a certain amount of panic in Washington.
If they win this argument and he is found guilty in Massachusetts under their state law, what will happen to him?
Life imprisonment --
In Massachusetts?
-- in Massachusetts.
If they can prove that -- and the running theme today seems to be the older brother was a very domineering type who had become immersed in much more fundamentalist Islamic beliefs and may have coerced the younger brother, who's 19 and seems to have had no trace of any of this stuff before, into going along with this, is that any kind of defense?
It is to a federal crime, because the federal crime requires that he individually intend to coerce the government, to compel the government, to intimidate the government.
Would you be intrigued to defend somebody in this position?
I've done enough defending of unpopular people.
From a legal point of view?
A legal point of view, there are fascinating issues in this case.
And this could be just the start of a whole new wave of terror?
It does.
Where would that be held?
Well, it'll either be held -- it will start in the federal court in Massachusetts.
Why wouldn't they come together, just, you know, together as brother?
I say, Dzhokhar, if you're alive, turn yourself in and ask for forgiveness from the victims, from the injured and from those who lived.
Or from everything that we're seeing, hearing and reading about the older brother in particular, is it more a case of him becoming immersed in Islamic fundamentalism?
Well, it's a big question, Piers.
Do we have any idea what they discussed?
Well, the statement said simply -- I believe it talks about counterterrorism issues.
From what we now believe, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev may have told the investigators in written answers, is that right?
That's right.
What was he like in those early days?
He was nice, funny.
Did you ever meet him?
No.
You then went to his Twitter, saw his cryptic tweets, and at that point, did alarm bells ring for you?
Yes.
Had they been monitoring your Facebook?
No.
What was he like?
Well, during that trip, I noticed Tamerlan was a little bit of a flashy guy, really sharp dresser, really confident in his abilities as a boxer.
And he was a good boxer?
He was.
Is that right?
For some reason in the second tournament, the Golden Gloves, he couldn't travel with the team, so I thought it was because he wasn't allowed to represent the United States, but I can't say for sure.
Did he ever talk to you about religion or politics?
He was definitely big into -- the second year I met him, he was a lot -- talked a lot about his faith, just it seemed to really be more about what he was about, his character.
Did he become more fearful of America or authority?
I just noticed that he seemed more humble.
What was your reaction when you discovered that he had been involved in this terrible atrocity?
I mean, I was saddened by the news like everyone else from this city.
From all that you've now gleaned about what went on with him, were we seeing somebody who was being radicalized very quickly?
I'm not sure I can answer that question but definitely someone standing up in a Friday prayer and questioning a preacher who is talking about Martin Luther King Jr. might draw some flags but I don't think would necessitate calling law enforcement.
With regards to what?
Well, to what's happened.
Our reaction to what?
Your reaction to the discovery that somebody attending one of the mosques has been the perpetrator of this appalling bombing.
And Jason, do we know how long they are going to carry on talking to him for?
Well, you know, that is the big question here.
Piers?
Jason Carroll, thank you very much.
Piers, how are you?
I'm sorry, Senator Ball.
Do you still believe that?
Absolutely.
How you going to torture him?
I mean, dude, you're talking to a guy that supports death penalty for cop killers, terrorists.
Yes, but how would you torture him?
Piers, I would support -- I'm talking about me.
Would you play cards with Osama bin Laden?
It's really a question -
What would you do?
Let me put this to you.
Would you as a politician want to bring that in as a standard matter of practice in your country, yes or no?
What I am saying is that as an individual --
Yes or no?
If given the opportunity --
Am I wrong?
You're not wrong.
In terms of the way it went on for you as the week went on, were there moments when you felt we're not going to catch this guy?
Well, we were right at it right from the beginning with our officers there at 12:25 a.m. in the back street of Watertown.
Is this your understanding?
I'm hearing all kinds of different things.
This is quite remarkable technology that you now have at your disposal, isn't it, in these situations?
Yes.
Is that your understanding?
Exactly.
How are they all bearing up now, now that it's over?
You know, we've been together.
Do you know what the situation is with regard to that?
No, I don't.
Can you shed any light on what was going on then, who these people were?
EVEAU: Sure.
What would you have recommended?
It shouldn't really be much of a debate.
When you heard the state senator on earlier demanding the right to torture this man, what was your reaction to that?
Come on.
We know President Bush sanctioned waterboarding, right?
Yes.
Is that correct?
Correct.
What do you say to them, given that he is an American citizen who committed a crime on American soil?
What I say to them is that, I mean, the rough stuff, let's put that aside for a minute.
So they can do that at any time, even after they have read him his Miranda rights?
Yes, that's my view.
So the Miranda rights changes nothing in terms of their ability to interrogate?
What it changes is their ability to question him and use any statement that he makes.
Whether they're attached to anybody in Chechnya, for example, of an Islamic fundamentalist nature, et cetera, et cetera, how far can you go in terms of eliciting that information from somebody like him in his position once he's had his Miranda rights read to him, as he now has?
My view is you can go as far as you think it's productive to go.
Does he have any kind of defense you could at the moment draw up?
Well, he's going to -- obviously the mitigation strategy is my big brother made me do it.
I mean, was is the gut feeling you're getting from the way this is playing out?
The gut feeling I'm getting, of course, he is blaming it all on big brother.
Is there enough there already, do you think, that this is an open and shut criminal case on their complicity in the bombing?
AVIN: I think if I were the prosecutor, I'd feel pretty comfortable at this particular point in time, no matter what he had to say once Mirandized or prior to being Mirandized.
Have there been any failings there that you can see?
I think it is a very difficult set of circumstances.
Or do you think it is more likely that the older brother, when he went back to Russia, had some kind of contact, perhaps in Chechnya, with some pretty nasty people?
I still have a big question mark in my mind about that.
How long can they continue to interrogate him for?
Well, they can interview him as many times as he is willing to do so.
They say how could these good Muslims do this, kill innocent people, Piers?
Right, and this denial is led by their mother, Zubeidat Tsarnaev, who gave this extraordinary interview to CNN.
And the younger one?
The youngest one, I would say probably two years for the first two years.
Is that correct?
Yes.
Did he explain why he needed it?
No.
He would you describe his behavior?
On Tuesday was the first time that I see him acting the way he was acting.
Did he pay you for the repair works to the car?
No.
How would you describe him?
He's always quiet.
How would you describe him?
Very kind.
Did anything in his behavioral pattern in the last few months say to you something is not quite right here?
I saw him two weeks before the incident and he was exactly the same Dzhokhar as always.
Can you believe that he is capable of doing what he has alleged to have done?
I mean, it's really hard to think about it just because you never think that one of your friends can just become a terrorist any time.
A political nature?
I know he followed Islamic stuff on Twitter.
What did he say about his demeanor?
Two of my friends saw him at the gym the day after the bombing at like 9:00 or 10:00 at night, they said.
Not true?
Not true.
No?
ENNEBERRY: No, no.
A lot of blood?
A good amount of blood.
What were you thinking at that moment?
Oh my God.
I mean, you couldn't make that up, could you?
You can't!
What was the moment like for you?
It was probably one of the most amazing spiritual moments of my life, Piers.
You walked in to see her at the hospital and what happened?
We met.
Did she thank you?
Yes.
How is she doing?
OBB: She seems to be doing really well.
How do you feel about this?
(on the phone): I'm overwhelmed.
What were you think?
You just said it.
Do you have a suspicion as to who has done this to you?
I do now.
The person you believe did this to you, why would they do that to you?
Well, you know, I am an entertainer.
But Kevin, this particular guy that you -- I think it's a man that you suspect, have you had an ongoing feud with him?
Yes.
Have you met this person?
I have.
Was it a hostile encounter?
Oh, no.
Have they led you to believe that will happen?
To my understanding, he already is and his home is quarantined by the federal agent.
Are you performing?
I'm going to be on "Good Morning America" in the morning.
But if she is, the FBI, who she is talking about there, is being in repeated contract with both Tamerlan Tsarnaev and with her, have questions to answer, don't they?
Oh, absolutely.
What could they have done legally?
Well, civil libertarians are very concerned about surveiling every suspicious person.
To me, this all stinks to high heaven of some other entity being involved, because they couldn't have just learned all this stuff, could they, from the Internet?
No, absolutely not.
But the bottom line is this: do you believe there is any link between Tamerlan Tsarnaev and this triple killing involving one of his best friends?
Well, I believe that there's enough information that has come to light since the bombings that will cause investigators to take another really close, hard look at this.
And what was the belief at the time in terms of who had done it?
Well, I think the belief at the time was that this was probably a drug-related murder.
What are your memories of that day, given the appalling events that happened?
Well, I was stopped about eight blocks from the finish line.
Why do they do what they do?
I think the act was cowardly, and it was terrorism.
And they can talk their way around the houses on this, but that's what we're left with, isn't it, Jake?
Well, obviously, the Russians were concerned, otherwise they wouldn't have reached out.
Is that relevant or was this all centered, perhaps around some radical extremists that he met when he was in Dagestan?
Well, you're right, Piers.
Do we read anything sinister into their activities?
Incredibly itinerant parents and family.
Has this just been a massive ball dropped collectively by the FBI and now the CIA?
Piers, I don't think people should leap to that conclusion.
And it would certainly seemed to me there were plenty of grounds to the very least have an inquiry, isn't it?
Absolutely.
I mean, has there been a fairly catastrophic intelligence failure here?
It's systemic, absolutely.
But you've got to say the former is the more realistic, isn't it?
Well, you know, "Inspire" magazine had a specific issue devoted to how to make a device out of a pressure cooker.
Will the Russian authorities be that keen to try and establish that this could all have been predicated by activity in Dagestan?
I think the last thing the Russian authorities are likely to do at this point is to reveal whether it's true or whether it's simply speculation that something could have been done on their part to stop the attack.
Mitch Silber, if it isn't the case of Tamerlan Tsarnaev going back home to Dagestan, getting into bed with messy terrorist-related people, and then coming back with his new tricks and blowing up the marathon -- if it turns out that he and his brother were self radicalized right in the middle of Boston, what is that going to send as a message to the American people going forward?
I think it's a very disconcerting message.
How deep is the American public going to allow intelligence agencies and law enforcement to try and detect it before we have a Boston type event?
Bob Baer, this mysterious Misha, the family friend of the Tsarnaevs, that the two brothers' family insist was more to do with the radicalizing of Tamerlan -- he's of Armenian descent, a recent convert to Islam.
Could this be a complete red herring, or could there be some merit to the argument that it was somebody like that over here that radicalized this young man's head?
I think that almost inevitably it's a combination of the Internet, reading the newspapers and some sort of influence of somebody who has been through this and thought through it and talked about the justice of it.
Do either of you know whether that may be your brother?
First, thanks for having us.
Have you any idea what may have happened to him or why he disappeared?
Our family and friends have been working tirelessly, night and day, looking everywhere for him, getting the word out, alongside the police-led investigation.
Is that true?
He never was clinically diagnosed.
Sangeeta, what was your reaction when you heard what was happening on social media, was driving it?
Yeah, it was incredibly painful for our family.
They were calling your brother a bomber, weren't they?
They were.
If it is not he, and he is still out there somewhere, and by chance maybe watching this interview right now, what would you like to say?
Well, I would say to him that we love him, and we miss him greatly.
Why did you do this?
Just pointing out the hypocrisy of the left, how they push for gun control ten seconds after Sandy Hook shooting.
What other things can you do with a pressure cooker other than kill people?
You can cook food.
What other things can you do with a gun other than shoot things?
Other than shooting.
You use a gun as a walking stick, do you?
You.
You're likening spoons to guns?
Well, I'm likening it into the impossibility of controlling someone's actions just because -- or thinking their actions are controlled by inanimate objects.
Is that what you're telling me, senator?
No, what I'm saying is people who -- like yourself who try to perpetrate that a gun, an inanimate object is actually what killed the people, instead of saying it was the person with the gun, is very similar to someone saying, a bomb killed someone, instead of a person who constructed a bomb and blew it up.
Do you believe that the answer to gun violence is that more people should be armed?
That's statistically what's always proven to be the case.
So you're in favor of taking everyone's guns away?
They did a buyback.
Like the Australia plan?
I love the Australia plan.
Why would it be a show?
Well, I don't -- that's what I want to know, because everybody's talking about it, that this is a show.
With all your expert knowledge of bomb making and bombs, is it likely that they could have pulled off this Boston marathon double bombing in the extremely efficient successful way that they did without having physically trained with similar devices, at least Tamerlan, back in somewhere like Dagestan?
ILLER: You know, Piers, it actually works either way.
Are those not enough to trigger real alarm bells?
Well, they're not really warnings.
I'd be very curious to say, if he was a threat to the Russians, what did they do with him while he was on their turf?
John, stay with me.
Have we seen exactly the same thing happen again here?
Piers, I don't think anyone that I know of was foolish enough to give that sort of assurance.
Is that the new phase of the war on terror?
Well, I think it's a little early to say that al Qaeda is not part of the problem as well.
Have we crossed that red line by that criteria, and if so, what should the president be doing about it?
Well, it would appear that we have but it seems to me the red line should have been something much, much earlier.
Or was there a duty of care, if you like, to an American citizen, as Dzhokhar is, to give him his Miranda rights at that time?
Well, I think you framed the argument there.
What do you make of it?
Well, he sounds so far like a charismatic recruiter.
How much of it is deserved?
I think, you know, we have to trace it back, Piers, to say how did this whole thing start.
I mean, her injuries were pretty serious?
Yeah, she was very serious.
What is your feeling towards them from what they've done to your fiance?
Well, it's nuts.
First of all, how is Aaron, your little boy?
You know, Aaron has made an amazing recovery, actually.
What has been his reaction to the fact that somebody just turned up to bomb people?
His reaction, it was one of -- it's been a lot of things.
How did that go?
Oh, it was wonderful.
At what stage does he get away from them?
Well, they go from Brighton to Summerville to Cambridge looking for gasoline because apparently there was this plan cooked up to go to New York City and the tank only had about a quarter full.
What was his account of that?
Yes.
What do you make of this?
This is entitled to a complete independent investigation, as opposed to any kind of partisan charges back and forth, because this is very, very serious, that we didn't identify this man properly is something that we shouldn't allow to happen in the future.
Is that where you think the secret of all this really lies?
I would think so.
What can Americans do to secure itself?
As Senator Graham said, America needs to step up its game.
Where were you when these bombs went off?
We were on Boylston Street, not far from the finish line, and after looking at the photos that I've seen from that day, we were probably only three or four feet from where the first bomb went off.
And what was your instant reaction after they had gone off?
Well, after the first bomb went off, we were knocked to the ground and my first reaction I guess maybe I watch too much TV, my first reaction was to climb on top of Kaitlynn and I was yelling at her to stay down.
Was it the first or second blast you think that caused her injuries?
It was the first blast.
You were so fast in the action that you took that actually the doctors at the hospital were not even aware there had been a major incident, is that right?
I don't know that nobody at the hospital was aware, but when we pulled up, you know, I came sort of speeding into the area outside of the emergency room and we told those people outside the door, the ambassadors that helped get us into emergency, that a bomb had gone off and we told the people that we first came in contact with in the emergency room that she was injured in the bombing and they had no idea.
What was the first thing that you did?
Well, actually I wasn't running when they went off.
When you got to the hospital and you saw the kind of injuries coming in, was this reminiscent to you of a battle zone?
Unfortunately, it was.
Did you actually have anything to do with Kaitlynn at all during her time there?
So I have to -- I have to correct Leo in only the nicest way, of course.
In terms of the speed with which Leo managed to get Kaitlynn to the hospital, would that have played a significant effect perhaps on saving her leg if not her life?
There is -- there is no doubt that the time -- the time from injury to surgical intervention, particularly for bleeding wounds, is a key factor in preventing greater disability, loss of limb and loss of life.
What did he have to say to you?
Well, you know, to the room, there were some other victims and their families and friends there and to the room, he delivered what was a very inspirational speech, if you will, about seeing people who were victims of these type of injuries at Walter Reed in his visits there, and in monitoring their recovery and seeing them all, you know, recover fully or get better.
Finally, L, how is Kaitlynn doing?
She's doing better.
Did you hear them live or were you watching somewhere?
I just missed the bombs.
What made you do it?
You know, it's about when I was there in Boston, you know, after the tragedy happened, you saw how the community came together.
When you heard that these two bomb suspects were ethnic Chechens, went what went through mind?
You know, what went through my mind is it could have been anybody.
Are you feeling confident?
I'm feeling confident.
What is your reflective thought on the last fortnight?
There's been so much to digest, so much to comprehend of the themselves, not even thinking about the photography.
The fact that people could actually see the horror, firsthand?
I think it put a face on this -- it put a face on news bombings.
And of all of the images you took, so many powerful images, which of the ones stand out for you in your mind?
There's a photo that I keep looking back at and it's a picture of a Marine.
And, John, you left something at the memorial site, I believe?
I went to the memorial site and I saw the three crosses there for the three victims.
You guys ready?
Yes!
Did you just find a basketball?
It's yours.
Are they potentially connecting the two?
They might be, Piers.
Do we know how radicalized she may have been herself throughout the last two, three years?
Piers, we really don't.
Do you go with Eric Holder on this or do you think there is cause for concern?
No.
What do you read into these two connections that may have been established?
Yes, so I think those are both very significant and the problem is right now we're dependent on Russian intelligence authorities for these stories right now.
How important do you think it will be to them that something is found eventually?
Well, I think it could help people to have an ease with being able to have a resting place for their loved one.
Ben, how are you?
I'm doing well.
Isn't he entitled to the very constitutional rights that you hold so dear?
It depends on if you're pledging allegiance to a terrorist organization and you're working with foreign terrorists and around the world.
Why would you find that so hard to believe when you've had home-grown terrorists who have done exactly that, who have exactly done what you just described?
But this is what we've seen.
Why was that logic of your argument on guns not applying here?
This is not the fourth of July where I throw a bottle rocket at you and you throw one back and we're playing.
Is there an argument that there should be?
Well, of course, there's always the right of the people to amend the constitution.
How will it play out, do you think?
Well, there are a lot of issues there that are going to be very, very controversial.
That means you're not his employer?
Their argument is that we're like a Visa or MasterCard.
And will he be feeling that, too, do you think?
Well, I think for me, I left my country so I could be who I was in '75, and I didn't come out until '81 because I really couldn't be public about my sexuality because that would have disqualified me from, perhaps, being a U.S. citizen.
You excited?
Yes.
When can we expect any kind of funeral?
That's right.
What is your view?
Well, my view is that it seems that the authorities have done everything they could.
But in terms of the bomb making, do you really think with your old hat on that this is likely that they just learned how to do this off the Internet and the first time they try it, it works perfectly twice?
Well, it's conceivable to me that they even learned some of these techniques over a period of time, including when they were in Russia, but again, I go back to the question about whether this plot was directed by somebody else, or whether this was kind of a lone wolf, self-radicalized and basically self-motivated kind of event as opposed to externally directed.
Shouldn't alarm bells at least have gone off given we now know the Russian authorities had contacted the FBI and the CIA about this guy?
Well, it's not as if we didn't do anything.
Can I ask you both if that is a correct assessment of your positions?
It's not.
Why do you think he should be executed for that?
He should be executed because the death penalty is the only punishment that fits the crime.
What's your reaction?
Well, first of all, I'm opposed to torture under all circumstances.
How courageous is it to have put that woman through eight years of I guess what turned out to be a lie?
Look, she's made it clear that she's proud of him.
Does it tarnish at all, do you think, what he has done?
No.
I suppose my obvious question to you is, how do you feel about all the events of the past week?
You know, for me, it's a lot of mixed emotions.
When he called you last week, what did he say to you?
He actually called this past weekend and we spoke a couple of times on Monday.
Did he apologize to you?
I think he's in the process of taking ownership of the here and now, which is actually coming out, you know.
And what do you think of a debate now that the one who survived should get the death penalty?
Well, I don't think that this issue has much to do with immigrants versus Americans.
Would you execute Dzhokhar Tsarnaev if he's convicted?
I don't know the whole story.
What do you say to the cynics who say you just can't have any kind of comprehensive immigration package of this type that works?
Well, I think that it's a very complicated issue.
In simple terms, what do you think is the best, quickest, most effective way to get this immigration issue under control?
Well, there is really no easy way and simple way.
What are the things you found most effective?
I think that one of the things that I think I believe in is that you have to secure the border.
And drones, as John McCain says?
You know, drones or no drones, in other words, you need the man power there.
Oh, my god, do you think it's him?
Put your hands up, and no one will get hurt.
What has come out so far?
It seems that at least from some of the people we have spoken to around here that both brothers occasionally spent time at this very apartment behind me.
What was the demeanor of these three suspects, would you say?
Piers, they all looked a little bit nervous when they were brought in.
What do you make of it?
I think that's right.
Why is that so significant?
Well, it just shows the nature of their relationship.
Is there enough in totality, do you think, to suggest a wider conspiracy in the Boston marathon bombings?
Police investigations, criminal investigations, a long road of speculation interrupted by moments of clarification.
But what is your view about where the balance should be struck between an individual's right to civil liberty and between the right to go after terrorists and catch them?
Well, in terms of this particular case, I think it's being handled very well.
Or is there something a lot more sinister going on?
Well, I think calling them three kids who tried to help a friend trivializes it a bit.
So you have to imagine that they knew that the Vaseline was potentially a key piece of evidence, and that takes them away, I am sure, everyone would think this, from being the kids, the teenagers trying to help friends, into a much more serious situation, doesn't it?
Well, they don't necessarily have to have been specialists themselves.
Is it likely they have got it, do you think?
I don't know whether it's likely or not.
What is your reading of it from an FBI point of view?
They sure are.
I mean, you piece all that together, it's pretty damning, isn't it?
It is pretty damning.
Who, me?
Yes, (EXPLETIVE DELETED) you.
Have you read your (EXPLETIVE DELETED) jihad?
So, I'm not a radical --
Why do you think he did this?
Well, because I'm a Muslim.
As a Muslim, as a proud American as well, how do you feel about that?
Really I feel really angry and frustration.
Were you not tempted to hit him back and deal with him properly?
Actually, that's the way I handle -- as we said, I'm well- trained physically and tough-trained.
Ben, how are you?
Doing well.
What is your view?
I'm not surprised by this, because I think after Oklahoma City, we didn't know exactly how to use technology to our advantage to fight terrorists around the world.
Would you see that as a new infringement on your civil liberties?
No, I see that as criminal profiling.
What is the difference?
I didn't -- well, I didn't advocate for a background check, Piers, on fireworks.
What is the difference between that scenario and somebody being suspicious buying fireworks?
How many -- well, I will say this.
-- indiscriminately before people wake up and go that's enough kids shooting guns and being shot with guns, isn't it?
Piers, 170 adults last month ran over children because they didn't look in their rear-view mirror.
What is your theory about what would have caused a 747 to go into this extraordinary rapid plunge like this?
Piers, one of the things about coming up with a theory this early in an investigation is that it's probably going to be wrong.
What can you tell me about that part of it?
Well, there are.
I believe we're working on the assumption that it's by the Tsarnaev family, possibly an uncle, is that right?
Well, that is one of the possibilities.
Or do you fear it's something linked to Dagestan, to extremists in a wider circle of dangerous people?
Well, first of all, it certainly could be what you described.
How do you deal with this new menace of young people who haven't picked up on many radars before, doing this kind of thing?
Well, very difficult.
Do you think they're right to level that kind of criticism?
I think at least to a limited degree that the criticism is warranted.
Is that a good move for America, do you think, to do something of that nature?
My personal opinion, yes.
But if it turns out there is unequivocal evidence of sarin use, that they have used weapons of mass destruction, chemical weapons and so on, Obama, having said that that's the red line, would have to do something, wouldn't he?
I don't know if he would have to do something.
Or do you feel like they're getting it under control?
Well, I don't have much experience with fire.
Or is there a fear that other houses are coming into its radar?
If you're asking me what's going on surrounding, the wind I know has been somewhat swirling today.
I mean, do you believe that?
At the time I did.
Now that she's turned up alive, do you know what the legal position is with your second marriage?
Yes.
I mean, do you -- do you want to see her?
As of right now I don't.
What does that make you feel?
.
Morgan, what was your reaction when you saw the new picture of your mother?
It's definitely hard.
Or do you think it's beyond any redemption or apology?
I hope to eventually forgive her one day for myself, not for her.
How did you feel when you heard what had happened?
I was really shocked.
How would you feel about that?
.
I'm now being arrested and handcuffed?
Yes.
Do you know my name, sir?
I don't need to know your name.
You don't need to know my name?
Not quite yet.
What is your view?
The marketing is directed at the parents, obviously.
Should it be banned, that kind of advertising?
I think that there's an argument to be made in favor of that.
We should focus on the central problem then?
We can.
But you agree with me, then, that you would bring in a form of gun control, which would be prohibiting companies like Crickett from targeting young people with guns?
I'm fairly certain the liability law already covers a lot of this.
What is going on?
Well, they're not effective, unfortunately.
Why?
Because that is the fundamental basis of American freedom.
Where would the tyranny come from?
The tyranny would come from the government.
Barack Obama's government?
No, not Barack Obama's government.
So whose government?
I couldn't name you a name.
You personally believe, like a third of these people, that you will need in the next few years, it says -- you will need to have weapons to take on your own government?
I don't believe in the next few years.
Why don't we just go with a full gun ban?
We've discussed this.
What such a cheap shot against a guy who did a pretty brave thing?
I don't think it's a cheap shot.
I think you may be homophobic simply because you said why is Jason Collins a hero because he's gay?
I don't understand why --
Why sneer at a guy for coming out?
I'm not sneering at him --
-- one thing homophobic?
I don't think it's homophobic to simply say we're apathetic about people's personal lives.
Come off it?
Got to leave it there, but come off it.
Why is it a big deal?
Ben Shapiro, come back soon on the Grill there, and well roasted he was, too.
I'm now being arrested and handcuffed?
Yes.
Do you know my name, sir?
I don't need to know your name.
You don't need to know my name?
Not quite yet.
How bad is this for Reese Witherspoon?
Well, we've seen Reese Witherspoon taking on these kind of darker rolls, this much more complicated roll in "Mud," which came out last weekend.
Abby, sincere enough for you?
She has got to be so humiliated.
I don't think I can do this?
It's easy.
Or was it just plain offensive?
I'm going to go with racist for 500, Alex. Here's the thing, it can be satirical, it can be witty and it can be edgy.
Abby, you go?
I was saying, it's completely misogynistic as well.
Maeve, you're as incensed as Abby?
I think the fact that we're even talking about this illustrates that it may have very well been meant to just go viral and be pulled.
Why else would we be talking about Mountain Dew, right?
The other thing we're talking about today is Mitt Romney has made this commencement speech today.
Is it a good idea for women to have lots of kids very quickly and then go off and do what they want to do?
I think we are just seeing the real Mitt Romney emerge.
Marc, final word from you?
This is the Mitt Romney that I didn't want to vote for and that I didn't vote for.
What's going on at the moment?
Well, right now, what firefighters have done is they've sort of taken the upper hand at least on the northern flank of this fire.
You stayed at your house all day, but when you left, did you think you were going to return to a house?
With the firemen giving me excellent odds that they had pretty good control of things at the time, the answer would be yes.
Can you spell your name please?
Scott Ochoa, city manager, O-C-H-O-A.
Can you come back, sir?
Let me go back to Kyung Lah now.
Did you think that you were ever going to be returning to a home yesterday?
No.
I mean, what kind of pit is that in your belly?
It's devastating.
Anything you want to add, Paul?
I feel very fortunate today.
What is likely to be the White House reaction to what's happened here?
Well, nobody's talking about it publicly, you know, but President Obama is literally getting asked about Syria every day, and again today, with this ratcheting up of tensions, the president once again said you know, no prospect that he can see of putting U.S. ground troops into Syria.
And is it -- is the fear, Barbara, that the Syrians may respond in kind now against Israel?
Well, I think that the Israelis and all the countries in the region certainly would be prepared for that.
OK?
This will be national news.
Is this brand terminally damaging?
No, because she did what some are calling the apology tour.
Arrested for what?
DUI.
What did I get arrested for?
You wouldn't listen to what he said to do and you kept getting out of the car.
Janice?
Well, I mean, remember, she has been one of the biggest actresses in Hollywood since her early 20s.
So it's a very unique, interesting combination, you know what I mean?
Yes.
It's a smash hit around the world and you get zero dollars?
Well, I didn't ask for anything.
What about the people like me that can neither write none of this nor dance?
But you can listen, you can whistle.
What?
The greatest guitarist in the world.
How do you cope with that title?
I didn't come up with the title.
Well, talking of Brad Paisley, this furor that erupted over "Accidental Racist", what were you trying to achieve?
What I was trying to achieve is --
You know, I hope -- you get what I'm saying?
On top of that, there's plenty of white people that don't like me.
Love conquers all, you know?
And music, too.
What is the art of survival?
Good genes and -- no, actually, just music.
Could you still do that "Jump"?
Yes.
Same height?
Hurts a little more when I land.
How do you get details for that?
Go to llcoolj.com.
Are you holding up OK?
I'm doing well.
What do you think is really going on now at the "Today" show?
I think the "Today" show is in comeback mode, just as it should be.
Have they known each other well, do you know?
Well, we heard Matt last night mentioned to Jay Leno that they talked sometime about each other's shows.
That if you're right there at the top, you're going to get gunned down?
There's a lot to that.
If you had been running NBC, would you have fired Ann Curry when they did?
I'd like -- well, of course, I don't get paid nearly enough to answer this question.
Were you right to be dissing out a few stones into glass houses, do you think?
I thought David Carr's column was right on.
Angie, can you hear me?
Yes.
But do you know which one it was?
Well, (speaking in foreign language).
Did she say that?
Yes.
And do you know if there were any other children in the house that these women were being kept?
Well, no, because we never -- well, I never saw these girls.
Did you know what he did for a living?
Yes.
What kind of man was he?
He's like a 50-year-old man.
Did you speak to him?
No.
When Amanda Berry ran into your aunt's house, did she say anything?
She just say the phone.
And then she used the phone herself to call the police, is that right?
Yes.
And how long did it take the police to get to your house?
Well, that was quick.
So a few minutes?
I don't think not even -- a minute, I think.
And what happened then?
Well, the thing is that they didn't believe at first.
Did your aunt see the other women being brought out of the house?
Yes.
And what kind of condition was Amanda Berry in, did your aunt say?
Really bad.
Your aunt is crying or Amanda Berry was crying?
No, my aunt is crying because she said she couldn't believe so many years living here and never notice nothing suspicious.
But we didn't know much about Michelle Knight but the other two girls had been the subject of many vigils by their families, is that right?
Yes.
And did your aunt see the other women coming out of the property after the police arrived?
Well, she said the last one that came out of the house, it was a girl, she might have been like 10 years old.
Is that your understanding?
Yes.
And has your aunt now given a statement to the police?
Yes.
This is a really extraordinary story, isn't it?
It really is.
How does it make you feel, having been through something like this as a parent, when you hear about something like this?
I'm overjoyed.
And given all your experience in these kind of cases, what would be the most pressing and urgent things that these young women as they are now will have to go through in terms of readapting back to normal life?
Well, I don't have a lot of experience in the reunification process, but I can assure you they'll need to be tested medically, they will need to undergo I would imagine some intense psychological counseling for a very long period of time, because they will have a lot of different conflicting thoughts going through their minds.
John, this is really quite extraordinary, isn't it?
Piers, it's incredible.
What do you make of that?
Well, John said it many times.
What can you tell me about the latest on it?
Well, what I can tell you is that it's almost like a carnival atmosphere on the street.
But was the general feeling that they must be dead, that it had been so long with no real leads, that was the only conclusion people could reach?
Well, I think so.
You need police, fire or ambulance?
I need police.
What's going on there?
I've been kidnapped and I've been with him for ten years and I'm here, I'm free now.
What's your address?
I can't hear you.
Hello?
Yes.
Are they on their way right now?
NIDENTIFIED MALE: As soon as we get a car open.
Who's the guy you're -- who's the guy who went out?
His name is --
How old is he?
He's like 52.
Is he white, black or Hispanic?
He's Hispanic.
What's he wearing?
I don't know, because he's not here right now.
Who knows?
The police are on the way.
Talk to them when they get there, OK?
OK.
And Sylvia?
I was in a business meeting and I got a 911 text call, my cousin.
Do you know, Sheila, the reaction of Gina's mother when she heard the news?
I do not.
Sylvia, did the family ever give up hope that one day Gina would be found alive?
They never did.
It really is truly remarkable, isn't it?
IGARO: It is amazing.
What do you think of that?
It's a confirmation that, in fact, Amanda Berry has a child.
You need police, fire or ambulance?
I need police.
What's going on there?
I've been kidnapped and I've been with him for ten years and I'm here, I'm free now.
What's your address?
I can't hear you.
Hello?
Yes.
Are they on their way right now?
As soon as we get a car open.
Who's the guy you're -- who's the guy who went out?
His name is --
How old is he?
He's like 52.
Is he white, black or Hispanic?
He's Hispanic.
What's he wearing?
I don't know, because he's not here right now.
Who knows?
The police are on the way.
Talk to them when they get there, OK?
OK.
Tell me this, is there likely to be criticism of the police and the other investigators, that all of these girls have been found 10 years later, literally right under the noses of the investigators, a few blocks from where they disappeared?
Well, absolutely.
Is there any indication they were restrained where they were held?
I can't go into any further specific details.
Can you comment on that?
I can't go into any further specific details.
Did she feel any pain anywhere?
Again, I'm sorry, I can't go into any further specific details.
Can you talk about their mental state?
Again, I can't really go into any further specific details.
Are family members with them?
Again, I can't go into any further specific details at the moment.
But we think, though, that maybe Michele Knight, who is the oldest of the three women, that she is the one that's been having most difficulties, is that right?
Well, that's what we've heard.
We're hearing that they may all be charged with kidnap and rape of these women, but have you heard any more?
Well, that would be a start, certainly, and as you mentioned, 36 hours, they must charge them within 36 hours.
Are you as amazed as the rest of us that they have been found right in the heart of the area where they were taken?
Well, yes, I am amazed at that.
Are we still waiting for confirmation?
Yes.
How does that make you feel?
It's very -- I have a lot of mixed emotions.
Faliceonna, you are I believe 16 years old, is that right?
Yes.
But at the time, did you take any action?
No, I didn't, but I was kind of hurt that they didn't tell me as soon as they saw it, you know.
I was dumbfounded, didn't know how to take it, you know?
And let me turn to you, Nina.
What was he like?
He was -- he was fun.
Did you ever see them?
No.
Did you ever see -- sorry, yes, Annita?
Yes.
Did you ever get into the house or the garden?
We -- the closest I ever came to his house was to the door, and he had it cracked open and he gave us popsicles.
How do you feel, Nina, finally, about the revelation that he may be this absolute monster along with his brothers, and there were three young women not entirely dissimilar ages to you when they were taken, who have been kept in this dungeon, no other way to describe it, for so long?
Yes.
Just to clarify for viewers, you have the same name as Gina DeJesus but you're not related at all, right?
That I know of, no.
That he may have been leading some strange other life you weren't privy to?
No.
Did she give any indication of how Gina is?
She did, a very positive report.
How do you feel?
INA SUMMERS, ASHLEY'S AUNT: Oh, I feel like I hope she does come back, and I hope that they do find her.
Do you feel that in some way, her disappearance is connected to the disappearance of these other three young women?
It seems like it would, you know.
Have you ever given up hope as a family that she would be alive out there somewhere?
I have never gave up hope.
What kind of person was your sister?
She was outgoing, had a lot of friends.
Do you feel, Debbie, that in your gut, that this is all connected, that the timing of when Ashley was taken, the age that she was, the area that she was taken, do you just feel collectively as a family this has to be connected?
Yes, I do feel it's connected.
Had you as a family been able to work out if there could have been any other reason why she would disappear?
No.
And have you had any leads at all in the last few years as to what may have happened to her?
We had a couple false ones.
Have you been contacted at all by the police since the discovery of these three other women yesterday?
No.
So that would be Ashley's mother they rang, was it?
Um-hum.
And did the police give any suggestion that they believe that there may be a link here?
Not really.
Hello?
Yes.
Are they on their way right now?
As soon as we get a car open.
Who's the guy you're -- who's the guy who went out?
His name is Ariel Castro.
How old is he?
He's like 52.
Did you read anything else into her voice, into her demeanor in that call?
Well, no, I think she was very frightened and I think she had a very small time window that she was working at.
Would there have been some psychological hold that the owner of the house or the three brothers collectively had on them, either physically or mentally, that would have prevented them from doing that?
Well, I think that's obvious that that's what happened.
She would require, I would imagine, pretty different treatment to the others because of her age?
Well, very different, yes.
Is there anything, from everything you've seen, which should raise serious concern about the way the police have handled or mishandled this investigation?
Well, listen, in the Jaycee Dugard case, we know there was an exhaustive review of law enforcement, and rightly so.
Mark Geragos, would you agree with that?
Yeah, absolutely.
They try to keep it in the locality if they can?
Well, sure.
But would you expect that to be the natural course of things tomorrow?
Absolutely.
Lisa Bloom, if it goes to trial, are these young women compelled to give evidence?
You know, I love that question, because I represent a lot of victims of sexual abuse.
The little girl is your baby?
Yes, she's my daughter.
How can we read into this from the information today?
That is absolutely the case, Piers.
What is your explanation if you like for how this could have happen and how nobody could have even had a clue that they were there?
You know, I really don't know how they couldn't have a clue that they were there, but we know that when victims -- we work at Bellefaire with victims of sexual trafficking and abuse and neglect, and when they are under the control of someone that is so aggressive and abusing them physically and sexually, they develop a learned helplessness, and a learned helplessness.
And is this the kind of thing that the sex traffickers in your experience do to these young women to ensure they stay in captivity?
Yes, they do a great deal of manipulating and they really mess with -- they really -- with their minds -- they make them very un-empowered and they put a great deal of fear over them, whether they are going to hurt themselves or hurt their family members or hurt somebody else.
What is your reaction to this discovery?
I was very just -- I didn't know how I felt.
What kind of man is he?
I mean I knew him for 22 years since I was 5 years old.
Did you have any concerns over the last ten years that something may not be entirely right about this man's house?
Well, Mr. Morgan to be honest, I thought the house is vacant the last couple of years.
What is your make of that?
A lot of people are scratching their heads.
What is your reaction to the verdict today?
Well, I mean there was no question that she had done it.
Why do you say that?
I agree with that part.
What is your reaction to what happened?
Yes, yes, yes.
And, Elisha, do you think that she should get the death penalty?
You know, I have forgiven her a long time ago.
What do you think of her mental state?
Well, here's what you've got to look at.
Gus, what is your reaction to what Vinnie just said?
Well, based on what the jury saw and heard, this is what they have done.
Did you see the photographs?
I've seen the photos and I've listened to you.
Did you see the photos after what she did?
Yes, she could have shot him in his sleep.
Should she get, Jodi Arias, the death penalty that she now says that she wants?
Well, she wants it.
So, why won't the eight men and four women of Maricopa County give her what she wants?
Vinnie Politan and Gus Searcy --
Excuse me?
Let me see your driver's license, please.
What's wrong?
First off, your plate is improperly displayed.
What was your take of it?
Because he's a sociopath.
Who are we looking for here?
No.
What do you do with stuff like this?
Well, there's another little girl, you know, missing in that six blocks from Gina DeJesus.
You put it all together, and you've got a bit of a mess by the Cleveland police, to put it mildly, haven't you?
You know, Piers, I am the biggest supporter of law enforcement.
But, when you put together also all of the appalling errors in the Cleveland strangler investigation, none of this looks good for Cleveland police generally, does it?
Well, let me say this too, Piers.
Do you believe from everything you have seen that she may be in some way linked to Ariel Castro too?
I don't know, Piers.
How is Gina today, would you say?
I can just say that in the few seconds that I have seen her that she is very quiet, but very happy and very grateful to be home with her friends and family.
How would you describe that?
I really have no comment personally for that question, I'm sorry.
They must be absolutely overjoyed, aren't they, to have their girl back?
The family is totally, totally, totally overwhelmed and grateful and happy.
Do you believe they drop the ball?
Well, we won't know until more evidence is uncovered and as to how effective he was in keeping what he was doing secret.
Do you think that the police really have made serious errors here to as some belief?
Well, I agree with Alan that we have to appear as wait for all of the facts to be known before we reach conclusions.
What do you think of what we're learning?
It is incredibly heinous.
What do you think of that?
Well, that sometimes is a tactic.
Do you think that she deserves it for the crime that she is now being convicted of?
Well, I think it is for the jury to decide, and I don't want to invade the problems of the jury.
Is there something particularly fascinating about these two women that drives this kind of extraordinary interest, really, because there are many cases that are not dissimilar to this?
AIRSTEIN: I cannot understand for a minute why we are so obsessed with this case.
Yes?
Is it television --
Do you think that it aids the legal processes or perhaps gets in the way in and is a hindrance?
I don't think it aids at all.
And on this particular point, Pamela, about the aggravated murder, which may well relate to him effectively forcing Michele Knight by starving her, and then beating her, to have repeated miscarriages, that is a pretty significant charge, isn't it?
It is, and we heard from the prosecutor earlier today saying that they are certainly going to look into that to see what the capability is for that.
How he's faring now that obviously the game is up and he is the one in chains and he is the one facing a pretty horrendous time?
Well, it all comes down to how much of this you believe is real and how much of it you believe is just him maybe faking it.
What can you tell me about that from your sources?
Well, one thing I just learned that's very eerie is all of the girls were kidnapped from the same general area.
But the belief from police, Ed, finally, is that all three women were lured into his car in different locations and then taken back to his house?
That's correct.
Was he in person more agitated?
Well, actually, he was arrestable.
Do you think if you had arrested him potentially you could have got into that house and found out what he was doing?
I reflected on this many times since Monday, and actually, if I had arrested him, I would have cuffed him, put him in the car, I towed his motorcycle away and I took him to jail.
Did you remember -- when this all came out on Monday, did you remember when you saw pictures of this man that you had had this encounter with him?
Well, actually, no.
That these girls had been found?
I was at dinner with the family.
Just on the Cleveland Police Department, and briefly if you don't mind, but do you feel there's any merit to the criticism that some people are leveling at the department, the fact that these three different missing girl cases all turned out to be at the same place, they had been tortured and raped and kidnapped and kept there for 10 years, do you believe that the police in any way dropped the ball in the investigation?
Well, the reality of life is everybody can do my job better than me.
How is Gina and how are the family?
I have spoken to the family, I spoke to Nancy, her mom, today.
I mean, did she look like she'd been through 10 years of absolute hell?
SPARRA: She actually doesn't.
I understand that one of the strange aspects about her time in captivity is she's forgotten how to speak Spanish, how to understand Spanish, is that right?
Yes, that is -- that's the case.
How do they feel about that aspect of it?
Well, interesting, I did talk to Nancy about it, and some of the relatives, and they told me that he actually appeared at the vigils that they were at because she had nine of them, and he would just stand there like concerned along with everyone else, and they -- they were concerned.
Did you ever see the young child who was born to Amanda Berry?
I have not.
Daisy, if I may start with you, and to put in context the background between you and Ariel Castro, you lived in Cleveland from 1988 to 2005 and your late fiance, Roberto, was the leader of the band that he played in, is that right?
Yes.
What kind of man is he?
Well, I knew him through 2002, 2003, 2004, during this period.
How do you feel about what he was doing that seemed so harmless at the time, given what you now know he's been accused of doing?
Harmless at the time, but now, Monday night when I found out about this all, there's really no words to describe how I feel.
You would see him and he would say, how are you doing?
Yes.
Have you ever heard anything quite like this in all the time you've been investigating this kind of thing?
Unfortunately, yes, Piers.
But in terms of the scale of this one, where you have three young women independently kidnapped at different periods of time, all taken back to the same house and then kept for a decade in the most appalling depravity, it really propels Ariel Castro, if he's convicted of all the crimes that he has been charged with, as one of the great sexual predators and monsters of modern American times, isn't it?
I agree with you, Piers.
Do you think they deserve some criticism, the police?
YAN: Frankly, Piers, from what -- our own interaction with the police, both the local police and the FBI, that wasn't the case.
What is he?
There are many terms we could apply to him.
What do you make of that part of what he may be facing?
It would be a very stupid decision on the part of prosecutors.
Gloria, what do you say?
Absolutely, I disagree with Alan, respectfully, of course, because the Ohio statute -- and I have reviewed it, 2903.01, talks about no person shall purposely and with prior calculation and design cause the unlawful termination of a pregnancy.
Would that be it?
Well, I mean, I don't know whether the prosecutors are going to even offer him a plea.
Why would it be delayed that long, do you think?
Well, you know, preparing for a death penalty case is very complex.
Let's just talk, first of all, about your reaction as a mother, as someone who has been involved in trying to stop this epidemic, is what it is, of trafficking in what's happened in Cleveland, because it seems so horrific, doesn't it, on every level?
You know, I have to tell you that the unfortunate part is that it's not -- you know, when you're part of this advocacy, unfortunately it's not something new.
To the victims?
Yes.
ORGAN: What do you say to your kids?
I'm a different type of mother, in the fact that I share harsh realities with my children.
I want you to bring me up to speed with what is in this letter and how significant it may turn out to be in understanding the kind of person Ariel Castro is?
I think when investigators get through with this letter, they're going to have a good idea of who this guy is, if he indeed wrote this letter in 2004.
Is that right?
Right.
It just is extraordinary, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
And do you feel, Tito, that that kind of persistent rejection with women may have played a part in all this behavioral deficiency that developed inside him?
At first I never thought anything of it until I started hearing all the news, stuff about him, and thinking about it now, I'm like it could be, maybe he resented these women who they didn't want to dance with him for whatever the reasons were.
When you think about it now with hindsight, it makes more sense?
When I went to his house two years ago, like I say, I sold him some appliances.
Can anyone quite believe that Ariel Castro, this apparently nice, normal guy, has turned out to be allegedly this horrific monster?
No, everybody's been shocked, shocked to the point where they really don't want to talk about it.
How are you?
Very good, Piers.
Is there a sense of, yes, great joy these women have been found, but also a sense of collective guilt that the community and the police and everyone working together were unable to find any of them in ten years?
That's definitely true, Piers.
You believe that he was a bit of a manipulator, is that right?
Yes, yes.
Why did you fire him?
Well, with stuff like that.
When did you last hear from him?
I actually heard -- March 13, I got some texts from him, of this year, that he really wanted to come back with the band.
Looking back on the time you spent with him, particularly at the house, was there anything that happened in all that time that when you look at it now, you think, OK, now I get what may have been going on?
Honestly, Mr. Morgan, I didn't.
Did you see any of that?
No, I only saw the very social, happy go lucky guy on the block.
Other than shock, what are you all thinking?
He was -- we don't know.
Do you feel guilty, Juan, that you were so close to these girls and you weren't able to help them, even though you knew nothing about what was happening?
Yes.
Do you think now he was using -- not yours, but some of the others, right?
Right.
But do you think his intention, Storm, in doing this was to hide out any possible noises from his -- the women that he captured?
He had dogs in that yard.
Where does this man, Ariel Castro, assuming he gets convicted of all the crimes we believe he's done -- where does he rank in your eyes?
He's up there.
John, the big question, I guess, is could there be other serious crimes that Ariel Castro has committed, given that this period only starts, really, in his 40s?
When you get an offender at this age, in his 40s like this, usually, it begins -- OK, let's give you a this is your life kind of thing with violent offenders.
Do you think, John, that if Amanda Berry hasn't shown the courage she did to escape at the start of this week, that her own daughter that she had with this man could have come into his target- range, in terms of being a sexual tool for him?
Very definitely.
Now the interesting thing about him is at the moment, there's no DNA evidence linking him to any other crimes of this nature, not only in his own state, but also now nationally, is that right?
That's right.
What is your brother to you now?
Monster.
Is that what Ariel Castro is?
What he did was monstrous but if we call him a monster, what we're doing is closing the book on understanding how this human being was able to create this prison in his own home and lock these three women up and the horrific acts and abuse that took place.
Do you believe his brothers knew absolutely nothing?
Yes.
Could that be at the center of all the depravity that followed?
In that same note he also said, I was abused as a child by an uncle, and I want to give my money to my victims.
What do you read into this?
What I read into that is this is somebody who may have very well have been abused.
He never sought it, though, did he?
No --
How you would think that may remedy itself?
These three girls who -- young women and one of them a girl when she was kidnapped, have been through a horrific experience and they're all I'm sure suffering from trauma.
And finally, is it likely, as seems to be the case at the moment, because of no DNA evidence to the contrary, that he didn't offend really until perhaps his 40s?
I think that it's likely that he offended somewhat and then it escalated.
What happened?
Remember, 1989, he abused his wife.
Have they broken the law, the Justice Department, by doing this?
It's possible.
I mean, that's all very well, but the reality is that here you have a real attack on the freedom of the press, don't you?
Yes.
Let me ask you straight away, are you as appalled by this A.P. story as I am?
Yes, it is very upsetting, but I think, Piers, that we're going to have to see what more there is to this story.
But that again is an outrageous abuse of their position, isn't it?
No doubt about it.
Final question, briefly, if you don't mind, when you add the A.P. story, scandal, let's call it that -- the IRS scandal, the ongoing scandal of Benghazi, this has been the worst week the president's had, isn't it?
This is -- without a doubt, this has been a tough week.
This is a bad, bad week for Barack Obama, isn't it?
It is, for the president.
Have you had a good reaction?
I haven't heard from my former colleagues.
Do they want to hear this message?
Well, I think so, because there are a number of people, both in the House and the Senate, that want to work together and get things done.
Should he get the death penalty, do you think?
Well, he's certainly eligible for it.
What do you think will happen there?
Well, in this case, I initially thought that she had a great shot at getting life in prison.
From what you've been hearing, Ed, from your sources, consistent with everything that is now building up about the reality of the horror that went on in that house?
That does go along with the fact that I'm hearing that Ariel Castro had a hierarchy.
Is that right?
That's right.
What do you make of that?
Well, I'm hearing from the interrogation that he really didn't deny anything, but he didn't admit it.
I mean, this is a defense that's going to be extremely difficult to sustain itself, isn't it?
Well, it is.
What was your reaction, when you first heard that Ariel Castro, the father of the man that you were married to, had been arrested in connection with this awful crime, series of crimes, what was your reaction?
I was shocked.
What kind of man -- what kind of man was he?
I never had the desire to get to know him personally or very closely.
And he also beat your ex-husband repeatedly when he was younger, is that right?
Yes.
What was the experience of being in that house with Ariel Castro like?
It's much like everyone else describes.
Have you talked to your ex-husband since the revelations of a week ago?
No.
Did you believe them when you saw their interview?
Yes.
Do you think the scale of what he was doing even then warranted more attention?
Oh, well, definitely, but I mean, I wish they had, but I can see how perhaps not.
Did you know her?
No.
But you never encountered her?
I don't believe so, or if I did, it wasn't in any, you know, lasting capacity.
What is your overriding reaction?
Just anguish.
Dana, this is a right old mess for the president, isn't it?
That's certainly one way to put it.
Now, where and how is that line drawn, and how far over it from this report do we think they crossed?
That's absolutely right.
Has the White House handled this properly, do you think?
Well, maybe B-plus but I'm mystified by the legalistic language.
Is it really feasible, do you think, that the IRS would independently be so overtly political against the Republicans and Tea Party in particular without anybody at the White House having at least had a quiet word?
Sure.
Should there be proof that emerges that somebody at the White House knew that the IRS were targeting the Tea Party and so on, how serious would that be?
First of all, I think it's a crime.
Does that in itself justify what they did in terms of basically going after the Associated Press and potentially checking the records of up to 100 journalists?
Well, full disclosure, I'm not only a friend but a great admirer of Eric Holder's for many, many years.
And I suppose it really comes down to was what they did actually legal?
Well, there is a ground for subpoenaing documents.
And I think they have a right to do that, don't they?
Well, they certainly did remove those references, whether they were removed by the CIA or whether they were removed by people in the State Department is unclear.
Why not communicate that right up front?
I agree with you.
I think you put it all together with the IRS targeting the Tea Party, the Benghazi issue of these talking points and al Qaeda references being removed, the A.P. being targeted by the Justice Department, in what many consider to be an outrageous manner -- you put it all together, and you have a real breach of trust in President Obama and his administration, don't you?
So look, yes, there's a breach of trust because of the opaqueness of the way the White House has handled it, at least starting with the talking points.
That eliminates a lot of people, doesn't it?
It can.
Is that one of the wonders of modern science, if you like?
It is.
Just one last question, Dr. Sussman: do you believe, from your medical perspective, that this simple op-ed piece and the worldwide reaction can save a lot of lives?
I think she did tremendous goodwill and good work on behalf of women worldwide.
Do you think that you were acting legally?
Yes, I did.
In what you were doing?
Yes, I did.
And why is that?
Well, it was my stuff.
So when the judge at the arraignment says, how do you plead to kidnapping, how do you plead to rape and whatever else, what are you going to say?
It definitely is going to be two words, "not guilty."
And, again, that begs the question, well, what kind of circumstances could possibly justify all that, showing that you love your daughter?
Right.
And in terms of where this is going to go, it's going to come down, presumably, to his word against his former attorney's word, right?
Right.
Well, what was his advice to you regarding the entire plan?
That if they didn't give me the stuff, you have to call the police.
Did you have any understanding whether you could detain people or not?
Not until the police came.
You can demand your property?
Yes.
Well, are you having any alcohol?
Oh, yes.
And how much were you drinking, if you can remember?
Well, you know, I had a joke that my doctor says I should never have an empty glass is what I would tell the waitress.
What do you make of seeing him finally give evidence?
Well, he's not a bad witness.
Is that likely?
Yes, yes.
Would you agree with all that, Gloria?
LORIA ALLRED, CIVIL RIGHTS ATTORNEY: Well, I mean, first of all, I think that's insulting to the judge who is the one who sentenced him.
Tell me this, I mean, talking of behavior involving attorneys, I was pretty shocked by the tone that Ariel Castro's attorneys -- were you shocked?
I was shocked.
Should she should be?
Exceptional cruelty is what they found or special cruelty.
It's looking -- if the jury goes this stage of saying, yes, we do think she is eligible for it, aren't they more likely to say we think she should have it?
Oh, yes.
Well, if you think that the IRS commissioner should be fired, do you think that the president of the United States, George W. Bush, should have been fired for acting on faulty intelligence and sending troops to -- the Iraq War?
I like that.
And Alan?
Similar question.
How do we make sure the IRS is taken out of politics?
These are great questions.
Why has he had had to go, when from what I hear, he wasn't actually running the IRS when all this went one?
You ask the money question.
Where is that going?
Well, it's going further than it would have a couple of days ago.
Dana?
Absolutely agree.
How are you?
Excellent.
When you look at these three scandals in totality, are they real scandals or are they run of the mill issues that any White House has to deal with?
Well, one is bad.
Do you believe that, given all of the e-mails that have come out today?
UMSFELD: I think the way to think of it is that, as I think Mark Twain said, trust leaves on horseback and returns on foot.
What do you say to that?
Well, I would count them as kind of as undecided.
Are you suggesting that people, either Hillary Clinton or President Obama, have lied about this?
No, I'm saying that what's happened is there have been different stories coming out.
Otherwise it's supposition, isn't it?
No.
Can that ever be justified under the First Amendment, never mind anything else?
I've been in and out of government since 1962, when I was elected to Congress.
So it's wrong?
UMSFELD: I said -- one of my rules is, if you don't know, say you don't know.
Is there something so bad that it might cause government to do something like that?
Or, as I suspect, is the potential person who leaked it so important and so high up the food chain, they've got to find out who it was.
Why do you call this the Grill?
Because I like to grill people on it.
Was he right, the president, to fire the acting chief of the IRS?
Probably.
Should there be more heads rolling?
I think some people may end up going to jail.
Do we know enough yet?
I don't.
Should Eric Holder consider his position, do you think?
UMSFELD: Oh, I have no idea about that.
If it turns out that the president has lied about Benghazi, or about the IRS, for example, if it turns out senior White House officials knew more than they're saying about what was going on and the original idea to target the Tea Party came from then -- these are pure hypotheticals, how serious would that be?
UMSFELD: I think that the currency a president or leader has is trust.
What did you make of the Rumsfeld rule that Joyce gave us there?
Well, her father told me that.
That I felt that way?
Yes.
Can you share one with me?
Well, sure, I've argued with presidents, I've argued with people.
Do you have any regrets about the way Iraq is today?
You know, of course you do.
Are they?
Oh, you bet your life.
In "Rumsfeld's Rules," what rule would you have for me?
Well, I thought about that coming over here.
Do you?
No, I don't.
What did it feel like to you?
It sounded like a jet plane being on top of your roof and all your windows getting busted out.
So what are you doing for accommodation?
Right now, there was a lady that picked us up from the rescue center and he took us to her house last night.
And despite how awful the state of your home is, do you feel lucky, Ronna, given that other people were killed last night and so much devastation?
I feel very lucky because we're alive.
Would you say this has been your toughest week personally in your job?
You know, Piers, I would say that it's been a challenging week, but in many ways, a week that I've enjoyed because I think that when a press secretary goes to the briefing room and there's a lot of intensity in the room and a lot of news, that, you know, it's inspiring reporters to ask hard questions.
Can you comment on that?
That's part of the investigation led by the FBI that the president ordered immediately in the aftermath of the attacks in Benghazi.
Let me ask you, first of all, did you ever think you'd have to deal with three scandals like this at the same time?
Well, I -- I dismiss the premise, the idea that these were scandals.
Are you outraged by that as a journalist?
I very strongly believe, as does the president, in the need for the press to be able to pursue investigative journalism freely.
Do you accept that and just on a general picture, how are you going to move on now and restore perhaps faith that some Americans have lost this week in your openness and honesty?
Well, I'm not sure, again, you're concocting scandals here that don't exist, especially with regard to the Benghazi affair that was contrived by Republicans and I think has fallen apart largely this week.
Is the belief of the investigators and the police now that the more they dig into this, the more likely it is that he just had these three women, that was what he concentrated on, that there may not be other crimes outside of that?
That's what it looks like so far.
Are they likely to speak in public any time soon, do you think?
Well, we all want that and there has been talk a couple of times that they're going to speak, they're going to speak, they're going to say something, and it never happened.
And is Ariel Castro still cooperating with police, as he has been?
Well, they haven't questioned him in the last several days, although he is still in the same isolation in the cell, being watched 24/7 by the sheriff's department.
Is there a growing sense as there was in the first few days, maybe, that this should all have been solved a long time ago?
There is a piece of that.
First of all, looking at the Ariel Castro case since we last spoke, what is your assessment of where this investigation now is?
The investigation -- well, really, I was watching your show last night, it's really from the defense side, it's damage control.
What would it mean legally, do you think?
Well, from a legal perspective, the problem, if I was a defense attorney -- and the problem for the prosecution is the whole business of Mirandizing.
How you feeling?
I'm good.
Should all the people who have had any involvement in targeting Tea Party groups just on the supposition that they're Tea Party activists -- should they all be fired?
Again, I'm not going to speak for the executive branch.
If it turns out they were, if more e-mails come out and the State Department, for political reasons, were trying to remove the fact this may have been a terrorist attack, should heads roll at the State Department?
Again, I'm not going to speak for the executive branch.
Should he?
Yeah, I think so.
You haven't set a date for your wedding yet, have you?
Well, I'm not going to make news there.
Penn, how are you doing?
I'm doing very well, thank you.
Feeling bullish?
I suppose so.
As an American, somebody who pays a lot of taxes, I would imagine, like I do, how do you feel about the IRS turning all political, going off to people for their political believes?
You know, this is one of those things that just breaks my heart.
Bob, how are you?
Good, Piers.
How are you?
I couldn't think of a better person, really, given the events of the last month, in a sense.
What do you say to those people?
Well, in the case of the gun situation, the only reason I addressed it was because the jumping off point was a murder-suicide involving an NFL player.
Yes, but see, I thought the reaction was absurd and, you know?
Some of it was, yes.
Why do they stand in front of reasonable reforms?
Well, you see, Bob, the NRA is not the problem, as you and I know, because I've got a clip here from Wayne LaPierre.
And that's what happened with a 5 -year- old kid -- I'm sorry that they had to suffer a tragedy -- but what sort of parent buys a kid a usable -- not a toy gun, but a usable gun with ammunition and then walks away and the kid kills his 2 -year-old sister?
But -- but let me ask a different question.
Yes, you can blame irresponsible parents, but what kind of society that is part of the great superpower of the world allows a company like Crickett to be deliberately marketing and selling guns to 5-year-olds?
And let's also understand, the NRA is a gun lobby, like any other lobbying organization --
Where is the outrage?
Well, look, the NRA convention just concluded in Houston.
Care to respond, Bob?
I think that puts it mildly.
Gerald?
Yes, sir.
What made you desire to become a sports broadcaster in the first place, and since becoming one of the best, what is your take on how the profession has changed since your early days at NBC in the 1970s?
Well, I wanted to be a sports announcer because I -- I loved sports as a kid and I was also enchanted by the voices of sport.
But what was the moment for you when the blinkers maybe came off and you realized he is a cheat?
Well, I think the evidence was accumulating year after year and there was so much smoke, you figure there had to be fire.
And he was a good liar, wasn't he?
He was a very good liar, because he was intelligent and he had a series of facts, or what he purported to be facts, rather than evasions, and he did have the one thing going for him, that he had been tested repeatedly in and out of competition and never failed a drug test.
He was bigger, though, wasn't he?
Yes.
He looked you, Bob Costas, in the eye, one of the most respected men, yourself, in American sport, and just sold you a complete pack of lies?
You know, I didn't take it personally.
ORGAN: Did he ever apologize to you?
No.
Roll that tape, will you?
(INAUDIBLE) is hot.
Would you let me finish?
Absolutely.
Bob, what were you thinking when that was all going on?
Well, here was the deal.
It's like some anachronistic old gentleman's club, isn't it?
Well, a couple of things about this.
Daniel?
This is an unbelievable interview.
What is the single best sports moment you have ever seen?
I can't narrow it to one.
Who is the greatest sportsman you have ever seen in any sport, for whatever reason?
Perhaps the greatest all around athlete would be Jim Brown, the great American football player, who also could have been the greatest lacrosse player who ever lived, undoubtedly could have played basketball in the NBA.
It is about winning, isn't it?
I think a lot of people are able to separate.
There are the cheats and the non-cheats, aren't there?
Well, there's some validity in that.
What would you say?
Well, I interviewed Ted Williams, who some people think is the greatest hitter of all time, in 1988, at a time when he had not done an interview, radio or television, at all, in 15, 16 years.
In retrospect, was that true?
Yeah.
Because you hadn't been the ball player you felt you should have been?
Or the daddy.
Completely innocent and falsely accused in every aspect?
Well, I could say that, you know, I have done some of those things.
Is there one?
I could ask the same question of you.
Do you believe you finally got to the right place for you?
I'm in a very, very good place.
And will you share it?
You know, Dick Clark went to Syracuse as I did.
So why change it?
Let's go to a quick quiz.
Do you know what a -- if I said I was bowling you a googly, and I had two silly mid ones and a fine leg, would you know what the hell I'm talking about?
I would say the police probably brought you home in the middle of the night.
Do you?
I'm sure it doesn't involve him.
Do you get that with fries at McDonald's?
That's an McRib.
What can you tell me?
Well, that's right, Piers.
George, what can you tell me?
Piers, we've been watching as sheriff's deputies, as firefighters, as police officials, as investigators, as they've lined right -- walked past us into in this area where crews continue to search for victims.
James, if you could tell us what's it like?
It's nothing that your mind can really prepare you for.
Going through the night?
Yes, sir, going through the night.
What are they dealing with?
Well, you know the same thing that everybody else is out here.
Piers?
George Howell, for now, thank you very much indeed.
What can you tell me?
First off, it's Ms., but that's fine.
But in terms of the outlying areas, how confident are you that you've gotten to all the people who may have been either killed or seriously hurt here?
I can tell you that we will keep going all night long and, of course, all day tomorrow in a search and rescue mode and that we have a pretty strong network of people here in Oklahoma, who are -- I won't say used to this kind of weather, because you never get used to this type of destruction -- but we have lived with it and we know how to deal with it, and we know that we're not going to stop until we find every single person who's missing.
I mean, are you expecting the death toll to rise significantly from the current 51?
To be honest, I do expect it to go up.
What's happened in the last few hours?
Piers, survivors and their families describing (inaudible) on CNN earlier, describing this as a nightmare, a bad dream, you know, just waiting to wake up, walking around like zombies, as if what has just unfolded, you know, isn't real.
Is it getting worse in terms of storm damage and power?
It's not clear.
Doctor, thank you for joining me, what can you tell me?
It's been a busy couple nights.
Is that right?
We had 45 children that were taken to our children's hospital.
And from what you saw in terms of the devastation that it wrought, how far, how wide an area -- we're hearing as many as 20 miles, maybe further -- were affected here?
I don't know; about 20 miles.
How does this rank in terms of scale and size?
Piers, that's a really good question.
Are you still finding people alive?
Well, we're actually involved with ensuring that people have a safe place to stay the night.
Do you have any idea of how many people have been displaced?
You know, it is so early on with this just happening this afternoon.
And in terms, Mr. Stephens, of the comparison between the two big tornadoes that you have survived, is this one to you, did it seem a lot bigger, a lot more powerful?
This one seems way more powerful.
As a scientist, when you hear about the size, scale, power and devastation of this tornado, what does it tell you about the ongoing debate about climate change?
Well, climate change, you just have to think of it.
What is your reaction to what has happened in Moore today?
It brings back some haunting memories of May of '99, when we had a similar event and our church family kind of was involved in the same way.
Can you confirm that?
I can confirm the 51.
And are you expecting the toll to rise significantly higher than that still?
Yes, sir, actually I am.
Have you any idea at the moment how many people in the end could have lost their lives?
I have no idea.
But just to clarify, 51 have been confirmed dead and you believe 40 more bodies have been recovered?
Yes, sir.
In terms of the rescue operation at the Plaza Towers school, can you tell me anything about where you are with that?
Well, actually, we just become involved when the person passes away, so we're not involved in the rescue unit or the rescue effort.
So you're only notified when people are confirmed as having lost their lives?
Yes, sir, that's correct.
And you're now telling us that 40 more bodies have been recovered?
Yes, sir.
What was the explanation for that?
With a little bit of caution, they don't really know the numbers yet, OK.
Is it possible that there are still people that are trapped?
You know, when we were in Haiti, Piers, in January of 2010, rescues were happening days and weeks later so we can always hope for that.
Everybody at the funeral saw them leave and it was believed they were heading back to Moore?
That is correct.
What are the authorities telling you when you've asked them about this?
Well, the Moore Police Department and the Highway Patrol both, we wanted to put out a silver alert on them since they are both very elderly and in bad health, and we were told they're not doing that at this time because of the catastrophe, and all we can do is file missing persons reports with the Red Cross and put them on registration lists here and there.
And what did you do?
, DROVE 100 MILES TO FIND SON: Well, I'm an educator in the Putnam City School District and I had to stay at my school to make sure our students were safe, and I was watching the TV as the tornado was heading down towards Gabriel's school, and as soon as it hit the school, I was able to just rush home and just go 100 miles an hour on the highway and went through neighborhoods and had to run about a mile, and hop -- got some -- got on a couple of trucks and took about three and a half hours to find him.
Julie Simon, can you hear me?
Yes, I can.
What was the experience like in terms of the power and the damage that it was causing?
It was like the three little pigs.
Gabriel, what do you want to say to your teacher?
I want to say she's a really nice teacher, and she was the best teacher I ever had.
What would you say to her?
I don't know if we can say anything.
Is she okay?
She's fine.
Have you ever seen anything quite like this in your life?
Oh, yes.
Is it worse?
Everything I've heard, they're very close as far as miles per hour, but you're talking about one of them being 225 and one being 210 or something.
I mean are we in a situation now where you believe everybody is accounted for?
Yes, sir.
Is it possible that they could still be somewhere just not found, trapped or whatever?
It could be.
Would you be prepared to take a look at it for them, because they seem pretty desperate for some kind of information?
Sure.
They have been trained to do this before?
Yes.
Were they in the same room as you?
Yes, they were under the desks.
Did you keep it?
Yes.
How much warning did you get to get out of there?
Well, we actually stayed in the hospital, but we had -- I think the hospital did a great job of giving us some warnings.
What was it like to actually experience the full blast of this tornado?
It was -- I've lived here in Oklahoma all my life, and I've seen them, I've been around them.
When you woke up today and saw the scale of what had gone on, do you feel as I do that it's bordering on miraculous that the death toll at the moment is at 24 and not much, much higher?
Yes.
What was going through your mind as you raced to the scene and then realized what have happened?
Well, of course, an adrenaline rush with the situation that was happening.
But, from a human perspective, you must have been thinking what on earth has happened to this area that I know so well?
Yes, exactly.
I know one of the local papers, it may have been yours that said that, but do you believe that to be the case?
It's really difficult to tell from myself, having seen them both from the air and from the ground.
You survived the tornado, then what?
I was actually in the south side of Oklahoma City when I'd seen the tornado.
What condition was he in when you were able to physically get to him?
He had a couple of ribs broken.
ORGAN: And Jerrel, who is this man, do you know?
No, I don't.
And do you know if they're extending the same principle to other people who may have been in your position?
ALEY: I believe so.
Can we see it?
Yes.
How bad have we landed you in it?
OK.
Is it set right there?
Yes.
And what's your -- what's your name?
My name is Michelle Alain.
How are you all doing as a family?
We are doing wonderful.
What was it like for you, Jordan, to actually experience a tornado that big?
It was just --
Did you fear at one stage that you may not all come out alive?
Well, before, you know -- before the tornado hit, I could tell by just looking at it from how close it was that this is not the kind of tornado or storm that you want to be above ground for.
And they saw the car in the picture and posted it on Facebook, right?
Yes, they were taking random pictures of the storm debris, and things, and inside one of these pictures she happened to notice the vehicle that we had described.
Is that your understanding, Congressman?
Yes, it is.
Why is that, and what will happen in light of what's happened here?
Well, most of the newer schools actually do have safe rooms in them that are added automatically.
What has it been like on the ground there?
It's -- thank you, Piers.
What are you doing for accommodations for your family?
Well, thank the Lord, OU is supplying housing here for us.
What was your reaction, RJ, when you realized that Phoebe had survived after you had given up all hope?
I was -- I had gone to Norman yesterday morning while Lindsey and Jeremiah were out there.
But you believe that it must have traveled through the air for up to 40 or 50 acres, is that right?
I don't know how far it came.
What did you think when you saw this horse, standing there alive?
Honestly, I just quickly saw it, and my mission was to get the kids out and to look to assess what injuries we had.
How are they all doing?
They're all doing well.
What happened to you?
I have a cracked rib and some stitches on my back.
How are you feeling about it all?
I am still shaken up.
What did you think?
It was -- it was amazing.
The people who have lost loved ones in Oklahoma, particularly ones who have lost their kids and so on, what is the best advice that you've learned, maybe for yourself, that you could offer them?
Well, the most valuable thing you have in the world is your memory.
How are you?
Good so far.
When you hear that video and you realize that that was the moment that you were saved, how does that make you feel?
First of all, I did a lot of praying.
Did you feel that there was no chance you would be saved?
Yes, I did.
How you doing?
Thank you very much.
And, Alex, how do you feel about these two men who probably saved your life?
First of all, I'd like to say I'm glad that the Lord was -- had them there at that time to spare my life, and I'm very, very thankful for them, and I wish them the very best of luck and I'm hoping that maybe in the future here, the future will look good for them, too, as for me.
When you look at it, how does it make you feel?
It's kind of breathtaking.
How is she, first of all?
She's good.
What did you do?
I just threw my car and park as fast as I could and just ran to her school as fast as I could run.
When you think back to the moment that you saw the school had gone, you must have feared the absolute worst, didn't you?
Yes.
What were you thinking as you saw the devastation?
I was the first one to climb out.
How quickly was it that you discovered she was OK?
People -- when the responders started coming in, they told us that her school wasn't hit, and I was grateful to know that she was OK because before it hit she said mom, just go get safe, I'm safe.
When could you talk to her?
It took me about two hours to get to her.
And what's your daughter's name, Jamie?
This is Kaylie.
How are you bearing up with this?
With lots of prayer and support.
But when you heard about the tornado striking and realized how powerful it was, where were you and how quickly could you get to the school?
AVIS: Well, I tried to leave my work and I was about -- probably about 20 minutes away and the sirens went off at my work and I was unable to leave.
What kind of boy was he?
He was an outstanding child.
And what do you think should happen?
You know, I was told that the kids in the third and second grade building where did exactly what they had been trained to do and I know the schools did what -- they did everything that they were supposed to do.
How are they doing?
The husband and the son are really surrounded and insulated by a number of friends and family members, lifetime friends, and they've done a great job of caring for them and helping them walk through the process, making the decisions they've had to make.
How do you go about consoling people in this sort of situation?
Great question.
Is this your true verdict, so say you one and all?
Yes.
When you're back down there now, how does it seem to you in terms of its recovery?
It feels great.
Michael, when you look at what's happened in Oklahoma, the devastating tornado there, another place that now has to try and rebuild exactly as where you are now had to, what is the best advice you would give to those people?
Well, I would just advise the people who have been affected to just stick together.
What are the most important things, do you think, when these kind of things happen that you have to deal with?
Well, it's a catastrophic event and certainly emotions run high.
Did you feel that you got enough help from federal and state level after Sandy?
Absolutely.
So Atlantic City is back in business, is it, for Memorial Weekend?
It is.
You going to be at the Superbowl this year?
We're looking great.
What is your reaction to the president's speech today?
Piers, basically I agree with a lot of what the president's done in recent years, but the tone of today's speech I just thought was wrong.
What do we know about these men?
Well, one of the major developments today was the revelation that one of those that were arrested and that perpetrated this attack attended meetings of a pro- al Qaeda support group here in the United Kingdom.
Now, the suspect that we saw giving his extraordinary interview clutching the machete, he's been identified as Michael Adabalago (ph)?
That's correct.
And is he the suspect you were talking about just then, who had attended these rallies?
That's absolutely right, that he was the suspect that attended these rallies.
How worried are the authorities about more of this happening?
Well, they're very worried, indeed, Piers.
How do you see it?
Well, I didn't see it that way at all.
What is the material relevance really to what happened as you say in the crucial six, seven minutes?
Well, if in fact his history is relevant, if the state makes it such that it's relevant, we have to look at the fact that he was on pot and we know that he had at least enough in his system that the state experts suggest that there could have been impairment.
How are you viewing that process?
Well, that's why I asked for an anonymous jury.
ORGAN: Do you think, Mark O'Mara, that we're ever going to really know what happened, and if we don't know the answer to that question, is it likely to be a tinderbox whatever verdict comes in?
There is somebody I think it was on your program, Piers, who said a long time ago that no matter how this case ends up, it's not going to end well for America.
What is your reaction to George Zimmerman's attorney's comments?
Well, first of all, I'll say Attorney O'Mara is not being intellectually honest if he doesn't denote the racial undertones in this case.
What is your view of how this process should play out?
Well, I don't think Attorney O'Mara and the defense team helped the matter by releasing all those photographs and these text messages that they knew were going to be inadmissible.
And you want something to say?
Well, very briefly, a year ago I had a conversation with Ben Crump and I told him that he needed to be very careful putting Trayvon Martin on such a high pedestal because he's really just a 17-year-old that comes to the table with whatever he came with, and now a year later they suggest that what we did to put out the evidence that the family and Mr. Crump was aware of for the whole past year, they knew who their son is, they know who he was, they knew about the suspensions, they knew about the charges, they knew about all that.
Reed, what can you tell me?
Monster tornado, I'd say at least a half mile wide and the city of Salina definitely dodged a bullet.
What do you make of the argument so far?
Well, I think we have to keep the evidence relevant to the law of self-defense.
Right, but Alan, I mean, call me naive here, but how many times has marijuana been used as evidence that somebody's been murderously violent?
Well, it wouldn't be very relevant evidence.
What did you make of what happened last Thursday?
Yes.
Why?
Because the state proved their case.
Alan, is there an argument that this should be unanimous or nothing in these things?
Absolutely.
How are you feeling about the fact your mother tonight is in a Mexican jail and facing very serious charges?
Well, it's something horrible, definitely.
Have you been able to speak to her?
Yes, I saw her -- I went to visit her on Saturday, and that was one of the hardest things I think I've ever had to do.
I mean, has your mother, Anna, ever been involved in any way with drugs in her life?
Never.
Is there anyone trying to help you?
I believe -- I mean, I've heard things that Senator Flake is helping and some other people are involved, which makes me feel good about, you know, being a citizen and the place we live and my mom being a citizen as well.
What is your belief, Anna, about what has happened here?
You know, all I can say is there was a misunderstanding.
Do you think she's been set up?
I don't know.
ORGAN: How is the family all coping without her, knowing where she is?
You know, I come from a strong family from my mother.
Ben, how are you?
I'm doing well.
Who would have put money on Chris Christie beating President Obama at any form of sport?
Hey, don't mess with the big guys.
Why do we care about Chris Christie's weight?
You know what, I asked that today.
It's an interesting book, very timely obviously, particularly with a lot of people looking at John McCain, who was in Syria today, looking at what's happening in Syria and saying, post-Iraq, Afghanistan, the different tone that President Obama took in Libya, what is the right thing to do now in these tinderbox countries when they kick off?
You've always got to ask yourself what could you accomplish even if you were to do a lot.
Should they be taking more of the global policeman responsibility, letting America perhaps focus on what it needs to do, as many argue, back here on domestic turf?
In principle, they should be.
Where do you sit?
I think on balance, these interventions have probably set back terrorism.
What should America be doing about that?
Well, we ought to obviously push back.
Or has it all just been a bit of a mess, but a mess that had to happen?
I think the clearest success over the last 50 or 25 years was the First Iraq War, the Gulf War, where the United States went in with great international support, with limited goals, clearly --
With a clear objective?
Absolutely, to restore Kuwaiti sovereignty, to get the Iraqis out, to cut the Iraqis down to size.
What difference will that make, do you think?
Actually I think that it sort of think it furthers the spelling bee.
Now, do you know what that word means?
Yes, I do.
I think that is probably right, but I'm going to ask Snigdha is she right?
OK, antidisestablishmentatrianism: A-N-T-I-D-I-S-E-S-T-A- B-L-I-S-H-M-E-N-T-A-R-I-A-N-I-S-M
I could take a guess?
Go on, have a guess.
Snigdha, do you know?
Well, I guess if you break it down, it's anti- disestablishment.
But they have been released, is that right?
Yes, exactly.
How dangerous is this situation, how easy is it now to create a ricin scare?
Well, Piers, we should start by reminding people, look, there have been inconsistent preliminary tests, those field tests are typically inaccurate, which is why they sent it to the lab.
Is the FBI investigating it now?
The FBI is investigating it.
How deadly could they be, potentially, in the wrong hands?
Worst-case scenario, it can be terribly deadly.
How easy is it for somebody, a regular Joe in the street, to sit down, get on the computer, go to his local store, and create deadly ricin?
Unfortunately, it's easier than a lot of other potential bio agents.
Because of this particular threat, apparently targeting politicians, mayors, because of their position on gun control, will the other thousand mayors who have been signing up to this, will they now have to be properly protected more than they are already?
Well, there's no question.
Chad, what's the latest?
Well, it just started raining here, Piers.
Do you believe it's getting worse?
I believe it's getting more severe in both directions.
Have we had these before in the last 30 years?
We have had these before.
What is a skeptical environmentalist?
Well, fundamentally, it's the guy that say, yes, there are environmental problems and global warming is real.
Is that accurate?
Fundamentally, yes, Bill.
Do you believe that global warming is a real and present situation?
Yes.
Right?
Yes, and humans are responsible.
And to you, Bjorn, believe that as a consequence of that, there could be any effect whatsoever on the power or the volume of tornadoes, hurricanes or big storms?
If you look at the U.N. Climate Panel, they have done a lot of surveys on a lot of these different studies.
Why would anybody do that?
Well, I just wanted to protect my rights, my Second Amendment rights.
Do you know how many?
Well, to me, what I worry about, Piers --
Ones that you could go and buy?
I'm sure the number is high.
What is the number?
Have a guess.
Would you arm every school, every hospital, every church, every shopping mall, every person that works in those places?
No, that was an NRA statement, by the way, and I never necessarily agreed with it.
When that happens seriously?
Well, you say what's wrong with America, but your home country of England has basically banned handguns in the hands of law abiding citizens.
How many of those -- how many of those school children would have been killed if Adam Lanza had a rope at Sandy Hook?
Well, if guns are the reason for Sandy Hook and all these problems, I think we should disarm Barack Obama's security force.
But why do you believe that President Obama should be impeached over it?
Well, I didn't say he should be impeached unless we prove that it went to him.
Why?
I think all politicians should be limited to two terms, one term in office and one term in prison.
Do you think of one actual fact she has come up with has turned out to be true?
Well, I don't worry about that.
Is that a charge with which you would find the country guilty?
Yes, it is.
How old were you when that happened and what were you feeling?
I was feeling suicidal.
And Glenn, were you aware of any of this?
That's the amazing thing, is really kind of basic to our message.
For those who have no idea what a bipolar condition is, what is the simple, layman's way of describing it?
You have very, very low lows, depression, it used to be called manic depression, which is more descriptive.
What persuaded you?
Those facts that there are so many people living with this that don't have a voice and I think it's important that they know that there's other people out there like them.
Have you spoken to either of them about it?
No, I haven't.
And it can be a happy situation that you come through to?
Yes, it can be.
What was your reaction to that?
Huge respect.
What is happening right now?
That's right.
What is going on with the East Coast weather?
Just four days ago we were talking about wind chills.
Is this as extraordinary as it seems to me, Amy, or not?
Well, of course we've got these major extremes and the transition during spring typically produces this type of extreme weather.
Chad, are we heading towards a particularly extreme summer, do you think?
We're heading to a particularly extreme hurricane season, according to the Hurricane Center, 13 to 20 named storms, almost double possibly the number of hurricanes, and double possibly the number of major hurricanes.
Are the FBI in the belief that it's all the same person?
Well, there are two separate cases, actually, both involving ricin letters.
What do you make of this latest ricin letter attack on the president and on Mayor Bloomberg?
Well, it's intended I think to attract publicity which it certainly is, intended to potentially intimidate but quite clearly the president and the mayor are not going to be intimidated by it.
How worried would you be if you were running the FBI or an organization like that now or even a city police force, how worrying is it that it's so easy now to make guns, bombs, poison?
Well, that is the concern.
What can you do about such blatant, emblazon incitement to violence in a publication?
Really nothing.
Would you think this needs a police investigation?
It's having a very comprehensive investigation conducted by both the FBI and the Massachusetts State Police that there's an old adage in policing, the first story is never the correct story.
Donnie, how are you?
Hey, Piers.
Where were you when you heard about the Boston marathon bombings and what was your first reaction?
I was on set on my TV series "Blue Bloods" in New York and was surrounded by New Yorkers.
And Donnie, when you discovered that the perpetrators of this atrocity were two young brothers who had been living in Boston for quite a long time and had suddenly committed this outrage, what was your view of that?
Well, it's frightening.
How do you feel about being able to put on such an amazing show in your own city for your own people?
It's a wonderful feeling, Piers.
What do you say to them to try and make their lives a little better?
Well, there's nothing -- there's no real way to adequately respond or to minister or -- you know, I don't even think we can really understand entirely what's happened.
What do you think from all you've gleaned about the way the money should be spent is going to be the most effective way of using this large amount of cash?
I hope the people in charge of the concert who have been in direct contact with the families will have a sense of what -- how they need it the most and what's the most effective way to distribute it.
And James, finally for you, what does it mean to you to be a Bostonian?
Well, I was born here.
What was going on?
Well, my understanding is that Brian Panitch, the lawyer for Katherine Jackson and Michael's children, who incidentally I recommended to Katherine as the best lawyer in the country to handle this case, he's been going over e-mails with Mr. Gongaware and I'm told that Mr. Gongaware is professing not to remember exactly why he did the mail or what he meant, answering very often I don't recall, I don't recall, I don't recall.
Is it any defense to say you don't recall sending an e-mail when there's a copy of the e-mail sitting in court?
Well, it's a problem, Piers, because when a witness continues to say, says over and over, I don't recall, as apparently this witness has, then it starts to give the impression of untruthfulness to the jury and, in fact, it's reported that the jury began to laugh when this witness continued to say, I don't recall, and when the jury begins to laugh at the witness, it should be a cause for concern by the defense that perhaps the jury's thinking this witness is just not credible.
Tom, what do you make of this case?
Well, I think it's a tragedy for this family and I think the heat is going to be so intense on the Mexican government that she'll be released at some point.
If this was your client, though, what would you be doing now to try and put the maximum type of pressure on to the Mexican authorities to get her out of there?
Well, I would do just exactly what was done today and CNN in fact have seen what I'm going to call the smoking video.
Did you ever think you'd have to deal with three scandals like this at the same time?
I dismiss the premise, the idea that these were scandals.
The obvious question, Margaret Hoover, are they scandals?
Yes.
How scandalized can they be if that's what they want him to do?
OK.
Why is he getting more popular through this period rather than less?
Because the American people know that even if there are scandals, they're not presidential scandals, they have nothing to do with him.
Should Eric Holder resign?
I think you need an independent -- I think you need an independent people --
A God-given right?
It is a --
How about a constitutional right?
Well, and -- yes, it is a constitutional right.
Is it a God-given right?
You know, here's the deal, Piers.
Yes or no?
This -- no, it is not a God-given right.
Is it surprising that you're getting some people now flipping and doing this kind of thing?
You've always --
I was curious about his link -- you know, some -- not just constitutional right but a God-given right?
ILL: Well, there are a lot of people who believe that these are natural rights and these inalienable constitutional rights are given to us because we are endowed them by our Creator.
Is he a nut, though, being driven, whoever this person is, by nutty rhetoric from extremists?
Well --
Do you think it's one of those things that in the end it will change?
I think it could, but the difference between that and say civil rights or that and these other issues is big money.
Good thing we have to be with you, right?
That's actually what it is.
And from what you're hearing and feeling, has the tornado passed close to you?
It's hard to tell.
Is that what you're hearing?
Yes.
What happened here?
I don't think so much that people ignored the warning.
Brandon, what can you see right now?
We are actually not (AUDIO GAP).
So, Brandon, just to confirm, you are heading towards Moore, is that right?
We are now -- yes, sir, we are heading right towards Moore.
Can you confirm that?
I cannot confirm a tornado in Moore.
And in terms of the strength and power of the storm that you're experiencing, how would you describe it?
This is a very powerful storm.
What kind of thing are you picking up on?
I cannot confirm on any sort of cars being flipped or I can confirm factual damage because we are right on a previous tornado path of damage, so I can't -- I can't figure out if that is previous damage or if that was current damage.
What do we know about Moore itself in terms of whether a tornado has touched down?
There was a confirmed tornado, it wasn't a particularly strong tornado.
What can you tell me?
It is a very serious situation.
What should they be doing?
Well, first of all, listen to the newscasters on the radio.
Governor, are you hearing reports of injuries fatalities at this stage?
At this time, we are trying to get the highways cleared off.
Have you picked up any intelligence about what may be happening there?
Well, looking at a map right now, of the storm itself, it is lit up pretty good right over Moore.
Are those tornado sirens going off?
We have been dropping south away from the cell and they just keep reforming more tornadoes, more tornadoes back out to the west.
What are they?
They are tornado sirens.
What do you think the best course of action is for anybody in a car on one of these interstates?
You have to watch where you are and for awhile, being in your car is still the safest place.
Can you hear me?
Yes.
What is going on where you are?
We are about 10 miles south of Minco right now.
In terms of damage that you've seen to vehicles or to property, what have you seen so far?
We did see a very large three story house with the whole top roof gone or the whole top second floor and roof gone.
Where will you be going to next?
Well, since we can't really get on any of the main highways, I honestly don't know right this second.
What is the state of play where you are?
ANDOLPH: Absolutely chaos.
What is the best thing they can do?
The best thing for them to do is exit the interstate, whether it's I-40, I-240, I-35, exit the interstate and seek immediate shelter.
And in terms of people who may have been casualties, in terms of injuries or possibly even fatalities, what can you tell me?
I don't -- I cannot confirm any numbers at this time.
If people are literally jam-packed in what is being described as a parking lot on one of these interstates and they simply can't exit, what is the best thing they can do?
The best thing for them to do, especially -- the winds like I said will suck them out of their car.
Have you in your time as a state trooper encountered anything quite like this?
Absolutely not.
Have you heard that?
Well, the way I understand it, I think you're correct, it's moved on past us.
Can you tell me anything about that?
Well, I think (INAUDIBLE) there is so much chatter going on, a lot of people responding to different things.
Is that your view?
Not in El Reno.
What are you seeing coming in at the moment?
Right now, I don't have information on what we're seeing at the moment.
Are you anticipating having a lot of people in with a lot of injuries?
Absolutely.
What are you hearing?
We actually saw that.
And, Mr. Mayor, in terms of damage to property or injuries to people in Moore, what can you tell me?
I don't have a report back on that yet.
Is it your understanding that people may have been injured in Moore?
Not so much in Moore.
And from other local reports that you're seeing, are they matching what the state trooper told me, that there have just been an extraordinary large number of crashes involving vehicles?
Yes, sir, that's what we're hearing.
From what you're seeing and hearing, how bad is this on the ground?
It's extremely bad due to the time of day that it impacted the metro.
Have you seen any local reports about the number of car accidents and crashes that have been happening tonight?
I haven't seen any reports but we've been tracking the storms throughout the day and we just in our vehicle probably checked at least three overturned vehicles on their tops and probably saw another three or four that were left just abandoned in roadway.
Ben, in terms of the power and strength of this storm, how would you describe it to me?
Well, it started off as just a single what we call super cell west of El Reno and it intensified into several super cells.
And where will you be headed now, Ben?
We're probably going to continue to head south until it's kind of a state of emergency in the metro area right now.
What do you know about that?
Yes, you bring up a good point.
Mr. Lamb, can you hear me?
Loud and clear.
What can you tell me, sir?
Piers, it's early for assessment, I know you talked to highway patrol.
And as lieutenant governor of the state, how do you feel about the fact this is coming so soon after the devastation in Moore?
AMB: Well, it's not easy.
From what you're seeing and hearing, do you imagine there are many more casualties?
I don't want to speculate.
Is the particular problem, do you think, what is happening on the interstates tonight?
Yes, most definitely.
What advice do you give people who may be stuck in their car on one of these interstates?
Well, the most important thing is not to find yourself stuck in the water.
How widespread is it now, do we believe?
Well, you know, it does extend all the way on up toward St. Louis.
Is that your understanding?
Yes, that's what I think.
Nick, what's going on there now?
The line is funneling out of the area.
And in terms, again, of damage that you're seeing or hearing about, how would you describe it?
The house that we saw, it was definitely damaged.
Do you believe the worst has passed through El Reno now, in that area?
It definitely seems to be, looking at radar, there's nothing behind this building.
When did you hear about what had happened?
Carl was killed Friday afternoon and I didn't hear about it until Sunday morning.
-- that this may happen one day?
I was always concerned.
What kind of man was he?
He was a very gentle, very caring son, and I was very close to him, and his passion was doing this research, his passion for many years was the weather phenomenon, and he started chasing with Tim 11 years ago and he loved it.
Is that what you're hearing?
Yes.
Sal, how would you like Carl to be remembered?
First and foremost, as our son, and beyond that, we would like to thank everyone in Oklahoma and all the news media.
And, Ben, even though the loss of life at the moment hasn't quite reached the levels of the previous Oklahoma tornado 10 days ago, in terms of power it wasn't quite as powerful but clearly from what people are telling me, including yourself that night, it was a pretty awesome tornado, wasn't it?
Yes, Piers.
How do you respond to that?
Yes, it's a tough thing.
Have you guys talked about this as potentially a reason not to continue?
In terms of the safety of it, I mean, especially when you have somebody as well respected and as safe as Tim was, it leads you to believe that it doesn't take a moment of recklessness or stupidity to get yourself in a situation.
What do they bring scientifically, if you like, to the way that we combat tornadoes?
Well, let me tell you, there's a 10 percent scientific community, there's a 10 percent meteorology community and an 80 percent "I want to go out and see something, get my adrenaline rush" community that have no idea where the storm is.
How serious is it?
Well, it is still serious.
Mike Nelson, coming back to you, tell me about what's happening in Colorado in relation to the fires?
Well, today we had 100 degree temperatures on the Eastern Plains.
Jesse, how are you?
I'm doing good, Piers.
What is your view?
Well, again, the assault on our Bill of Rights is just astounding that we're allowing the government to destroy all the protections in our country.
What is the difference -- what is the difference between the police taking a DNA sample and fingerprinting you?
I don't know.
Is he a victim of an attack on his own freedom of speech rights, the way that he's being treated?
I do.
Why wouldn't you encourage people to do it that way?
Well, maybe so, you know.
Where do you draw the line?
I don't know.
Do you agree with the Department of Justice and Eric Holder, the attorney general, targeting journalists, you know, going after the Associated Press or the FOX News journalists for information about potential leaks?
Well, first of all, I think that we -- we got bigger fish to fry.
No, I'm saying if you take that position, though, if anybody takes that position, that he shouldn't be prosecuted for what he did, how could you then justify the targeting of journalists who are revealing equally valuable information in the public interest?
I fully agree.
Jesse, I mean, are you seriously thinking still about potentially running?
Well, 2016 would be the year to do it, Piers, because you don't -- as an independent, you don't want an incumbent, so the office will be wide open.
What did you think of the IRS targeting right-wing groups?
Well, first of all, let me state one thing I would do is abolish the income tax and go to a national sales tax, and then you wouldn't even have the IRS, or you would reverse their role and you would make them the watchdog of the government to make sure they spend our money properly.
Why have you continued it?
Well, because it's always been about clearing my name and getting back my reputation.
But do you not feel slightly uncomfortable about the fact you're now suing his widow?
ENTURA: No.
Why was he near these bees to start with?
He was shredding a field for the lady.
So he was removing I think some brush piles for his neighbor, is that right?
No.
Do you know what agitated these bees because there were 40,000 of them?
I'm sure the vibration of the tractor and the shredder.
And what was the first that you know something awful was happening?
Me and my sister were leaving to take our kids to a park and my sister had to pull her car over and she went over to the tractor because he went on the tractor and I seen an ambulance and I was wondering why the ambulance was coming.
Do they believe it was the combined effect of the stings themselves that killed your father?
Yes.
And were you yourself stung?
Yes, it was.
Were you yourself?
Yes.
Is he right?
AMM: Well, he may be right.
Can you be vaccinated like you would anything else?
Well, this is very -- that's why this is so critically important.
So we should applaud Michael Douglas for raising it even if he now wishes he hadn't?
Absolutely.
Did you ever feel when you were working so closely with this man that you would ever have to say the words you just said about him, that he is effectively an enemy combatant?
No.
Or do you believe that there should be a way of stopping him being able to use this as a platform to attack America, to attack American servicemen, and to potentially rally the enemy?
Well, I do to a degree.
From a legal standpoint is there anything that can be done to stop him turning this into a show trial?
Well, I think the staff sergeant had it right that the judge was just doing her duty.
Who would you bet on?
Is expecting.
How well did you know Tamerlan Tsarnaev and what changes did you see him go through?
I knew Tamerlan very well.
So you could see signs then that he was getting more aggressive perhaps?
He had always been kind of, like John said, walked the line between clock cocky and arrogant.
or had part of you always feared that he may be capable of not necessarily an atrocity like that but something bad?
On the contrary, I never saw it coming.
Did you see any of that, either of you?
Absolutely.
Michael, there's also this connection to the triple homicide which happened on September 11, 2011, where once of the victims, Brendan Mess, also had a connection to the gym, is that right?
That is correct.
And the belief now is that Tamerlan may well have been involved in his murder and the murder of two others at the same time?
That's what the authorities are saying.
Did you meet her?
I met her maybe two or three times.
Was he very much, as many have suggested, in his older brother's thrall?
Yes.
And what do you think has happened here?
A young woman in her 30s went out to run an errand that any mother would at just before 3:00 in the morning and was never seen again alive.
What would you say to that?
One, I would disagree with them because whenever there is a mother who leaves three children in such a gruesome and brutal way the local media will jump on it right away.
How is the investigation going into Rhonda's death?
Piers, I'm telling you, when I spoke with Sheriff Bouchard today, he said that they are, quote, "dogging this case."
But there's a point that if America saw the reality it could change things?
I would never presume to tell a parent how they should feel or how they should emotionally react.
Does it help his party that he hasn't parachuted a Republican in here?
No.
Tell me, Margaret, I mean, is he already emerging as the compelling candidate to fight the next general election?
He is certainly emerging -- well, in a general election absolutely.
What -- what could stop him?
-- in 2016 than it did in 2012.
Well, what could stop him?
Well, I mean -- there's this me amongst Republicans that all of his behavior will stop him now, by not appointing a Republican like Chris Smith, the New Jersey congressman, that won't stop him.
But if they want to win -- Marc, if they want to win the election, isn't this what someone like him has to be doing?
Absolutely.
How did America get so mediocre?
You know, I think parents -- both parents started working.
I mean, it's just an idiot thing to say, wasn't it, Margaret?
Well, it's the stupid face on an important debate which is work-life balance.
If Americans saw the reality of a mass shooting outrage, could it change public opinion?
I think public opinion has been changed already just by knowing that those 6-year-olds, those babies were killed.
What he's saying is what will change the debate?
Here's the -- here's the difference, though, Piers.
Where do you draw the line there?
Well, I think first of all common decency is you have to defer to the parents.
Do these two stories today, two completely different stories, but joined if you like by the sense of, isn't it great that in modern America now, quite rapidly actually, we can celebrate both those things and it seems relatively normal?
Days before the U.S. Supreme Court will rule on two important gay rights cases, the Dohmann case and the Prop 8 case about whether, you know, some of these laws will be overturned, you have, by the way, 120 -- 222 Republican legislators across the country have voted for freedom to marry, transgender, bisexual rights.
How important is it to the family that you've managed to have this legal success?
It is incredible for the family.
I mean, what is the argument that stops somebody like Sarah from having this kind of transplant from an adult donor?
Yes, it was a very puzzling argument, which was they didn't have enough data.
What is your view as a family of the secretary's position?
We don't understand it.
How hopeful are you, from all the experts have told you, that you may get one?
We're very hopeful.
If that was the circumstance, would you be in favor of that?
I would.
My first question, how are you?
I'm doing well.
Where were you when that happened?
I had just been released from the hospital.
What were you thinking?
So we got to ride out and -- just not again.
Now, Ashlynn, did you realize how serious the tornado was at the time?
No.
And did you realize, Ashlynn, that your mom had been a hero in protecting all of you?
After -- I was -- I was kind of the one who noticed that it was through her leg.
And, Miranda, Miranda, what did you think when you saw your poor mother had this terrible spike in her leg?
Well, I didn't see it in her leg.
Pretty scary to look at, huh?
Yes.
How is the community generally coping with it all, do you think?
I think, as Oklahomans, we cope together.
What do you make of it?
Well, look, I think if what you're trying to do is avoid the kind of terrorism that occurred in Boston or the kind of terrorism that almost occurred in Times Square a couple years ago, I'm for whatever it takes as long as it's restricted to the National Security Agency and doesn't get involved in looking for criminal behavior or other kind of things.
So, isn't it like for like?
Let me go back to 2006.
Why would you trust them anymore than you would trust the Obama administration with the same records?
Let me say, first of all, I don't believe Colin Powell lied.
What is your reaction to this news?
The president of the United States has decided that he wants as his national security adviser a person who went on five shows in one Sunday morning and miss -- you go back to lies.
In a wonderful display of bipartisanship, would you have had exactly the same view?
No --
What is the difference?
Piers, the difference is you're totally confusing the situations.
What is the difference?
Well, the first -- I said part of the difference is, there is no question that the Obama administration and Secretary Clinton's staff systematically lied to the American people knowingly.
But there is no evidence she did, though, is there?
That's why I said.
Do you have any reaction to that?
I find that a disappointing appointment on the part of the president.
What is your view?
Well, this is going to be a bad show because I agree with you.
Did she do a good job or not a good job?
I actually didn't watch it closely enough to have a clue.
Are these the kind of things from your experience that can trigger in a young teenage girl like Paris with the background of her father's death and so on this kind of dramatic cry for help, if that's what it is?
Absolutely.
Shaun, I mean, how much do you think goes back to the fact that she lost her father who she was incredibly close to?
Yes, absolutely.
Do you know yet if it's a world record?
We did not know it was a world record.
Yes, what I meant was, do you know yet, now that you have had it examined and weighed and stuff, do you know if you've broken the report?
It's a pending world record right now.
But wasn't it terrifying?
Yes, it -- it is terrifying, but any time you're that close to an apex predator or a food source, you really feel like you're just floating out there, and it's a very big shark teeth, they move around like lightning.
What is the technique for actually getting one of these things out of the water and on to a boat and taking it home with you?
OK.
Are you worried now that they're going to come after you, big brother style, and try and come after your sources?
Well, I mean I think the sources behind this are incredibly courageous people who could have sold this information for extraordinary amounts of money to foreign governments or handed it over, had that been their objective to harm the United States to enemies of the United States.
But I mean, what is your reaction to that?
Well, it's fascinating that the most right-wing members of the Congress like Mike Rogers and Lindsey Graham have become the administration's most vocal defenders.
Was their primary purpose to root out Americans who may be up to no good or foreigners who are up to no good?
Well, under the Surveillance Law that passed in 2008, that the bipartisan Congress passed, they eliminated the warrant requirement for all conversations except ones that take place by and among Americans exclusively on American soil.
You believe them?
I -- there may be some technical basis on which they can say that we are not actively collaborating or that they don't have what we consider in our own definition to be direct access to our servers but what I do know is that I have talked to more than one person who has sat at a desk at a Web portal and typed out commands and reached into those servers from a distance.
Isn't it?
Well, it depends entirely how they're using it and that's the problem with the secrecy here.
Senator, this is just unbelievable, isn't it?
It is.
That's not freedom, is it?
Not to my mind it's not.
Has what Barack Obama has been doing, and his administration, not just with all these revelations in the last 24 hours but also the IRS and going after A.P. and FOX News and so on, when you put it all together, is what he's doing worse than anything George W. Bush did?
I think Bush started the process and what I had hoped and I think millions of Americans had hoped, that Barack Obama, who knew something about constitutional law, would not only change Bush's policies in a number of ways, but certainly with regard to civil liberties.
How do we know they're not?
Well, we know they're not.
Do we?
Yes.
Didn't you know that they were targeting Tea Party members through the IRS?
And we still don't know --
But at what point do you draw the line, do you think?
Well, I think, Piers, one of the big problems here has been that our society, the American people, and the Congress, and the media, have basically said to the authorities, to the FBI, to the CIA, and other intelligence services, we will not tolerate one single terrorist death, and that's the problem we've had, is that we had the terrible events of 9/11 and 12 years later, you know, if one or two or four or five people get killed in a terrorist attack, people are outraged, the FBI dropped the ball, why didn't they know about this, how come they can't read the bad guys' minds.
So it's kind of a symptom, really, of modern times, isn't it?
Well, that's absolutely true, that you would not have had this capability.
Did you know your son was going to do this?
I actually -- I did know that he was going to do it.
Would the audience have been as supportive?
Well, I would have absolutely been as supportive.
But how do you think it would have played out?
I don't think he would -- something like that would have had that kind of a reaction.
How important is it for people like your son maybe to stand up on behalf of the young and say what he did?
I think it's incredibly important.
You agree?
Well, I think Mr. Dershowitz got it right.
Where do you draw the line?
That's the question.
ORGAN: Where would you draw the line?
Well, I don't know exactly what they've done here.
I live in New York, if you become mayor, are you going to start snooping on my e-mails?
Look, the city of New York, I don't believe, has that power or will ever have that power.
Would you like it to?
No.
I mean, you're still ahead of him but he's creeping up, isn't he?
You know, look --
Is it appropriate for New Yorkers to vote as their mayor somebody who sent naked pictures of himself over the Internet to random women?
Look, that's for New Yorkers to decide.
What do you think as a New Yorker?
I know New Yorkers are going to vote for the candidate, me, who has the longest record of delivering for them because what they care about is that -- they've gotten and are going to get more housing.
How did you come through it?
Well, you know, it's very tough when you lose a parent when you're young and she was sick for about 10 years so most of my time with her, she was sick and it's hard because you feel as a child that somehow you're responsible, even though you know you're not.
I don't -- I mean, everybody in the world has issues with food, right?
You look fantastic to me.
Do you ever recover fully from bulimia?
You know, I'm not bulimic now.
You support -- what's happened here?
Look, the case --
Yes or no?
Under Texas law, this is perfectly legal.
You support it?
And a jury -- and a jury acquitted the guy.
You shoot a woman dead because she may or may not have taken $150?
I can't say --
And a jury, and a courtroom in America, allows you to just walk out and go home to do it again?
Look, I can't say I agree with the Texas law, either.
Do you not?
No, I don't agree with the Texas law.
This story I had earlier about this high school valedictorian speech, are you in favor of it, Margaret?
Absolutely.
This began at a home as I said, and ended at Santa Monica College, right?
Yes.
Any more info on that?
Not at the moment.
Why do you believe you killed your parents?
Well, that's a good question, Piers.
Do you remember watching "The Matrix" repeatedly, watching these video games and the kind of effect it had on you?
When I would watch "The Matrix," I would see myself in that role.
Do you believe now that that was the case?
Well, to put it bluntly, I -- I know that there's something wrong with me in -- in my head.
How much was that playing on your mind, do you think, through this period leading up to what you did?
It impacted me a lot.
Do you remember where you got the gun and were you subjected to any kind of background check?
Yes, I do remember.
And was your intention, when you purchased the gun, to -- to murder your parents?
Actually, it wasn't.
But did your adopted parents, do you think, have any real idea of what you were going through in your head?
They didn't know, really, what was going on.
Because they never mistreated you, your adopted parents?
Well, no, my adopted parents, my father was -- he wasn't like that with me, but my mother, she would beat my sister and I a lot.
What was going through your head as you heard that music?
Well, I -- I had been listening to the song for about a year nonstop.
But again, as with the violent video games, do you think that violent musical video and music can have a -- a profound and disturbing effect on people who may themselves be mentally unstable?
I believe so, especially on the young mind.
And what then happened?
That's a good question.
As you were doing that, what was the sensation that you were experiencing?
Actually, I had no emotion at all.
Even at the moment that you'd realized you'd murdered both your parents, was there any kind of reality check or did you still believe that this was some weird, horrible, violent videogame that you were possibly enacting for real?
Well, the things that went on that night, that it really reminded me -- it did remind me of "The Matrix."
What do you say to those people?
Well, I would say that, whenever I talk to anyone about this, I always tell them that I don't blame anyone but myself.
But do you think that system, the mental health system in America should have picked you up earlier?
Absolutely, I agree.
When you've seen the mass shootings at places like Aurora, in the movie theater with James Holmes, and also with Adam Lanza at Sandy Hook, do you recognize, from everything that you've read about these two shooters similarities in the way that, perhaps, you were thinking at the time that you committed your atrocity?
OOKE: Absolutely.
Do you think that the easy availability of guns is also a big problem in America for disturbed young men in particular, like yourselves?
Absolutely.
If you had the chance to speak to them again -- which you never will -- but if you did have the chance, what would you say to them?
Well, first, I actually do believe that I will see them again.
Are you -- are you now receiving any kind of treatment or medication for any mental health issues?
No, I'm not.
What did you make of it?
I thought he was extremely candid with you.
Are these just convenient excuses or is there real science to back up the fact that these can be a link to what these shooters do?
The first thing you have to keep in mind is the number of people who play violent video games or watch movies like "The Matrix" and we don't see a lot of them killing anybody, let alone killing both their parents.
How much of that is a problem with these shootings where unstable young people who perhaps are disenfranchised from society want to make a stir for themselves, get in the headlines, become infamous?
Well, 99.9 percent of those who watch the news about columbine or another shooting identify with the pain and suffering of the victims, and pray every day that a Columbine will not happen in their school.
You can do it without being mentally unstable?
I get asked that question on the stand all the time in death penalty cases by prosecutors when I'm working for the defense.
And what was he doing with all of his time?
I think here, the video game playing is a symptom, not a cause.
I mean, what do you think of the gun aspect of this?
I believe him.
Is he being treated in prison?
Let me bring in James Fox here.
Do you believe that they can just grow out of this, even if they have a condition like schizophrenia?
Well, to some extent, we do know that people who are at the violent peak, late adolescence, early adulthood.
Xavier, I'll start with you, do you believe him?
Yes.
James Fox?
About some things yes, some things no.
Cheryl Olson?
I think as he said it the way he sees it.
This little piggy goes to the market?
I have a job now, this is my space to prepare myself to be better.
What were you doing right up to the moment you saw this man?
I was -- I'm an executive, and I've run several companies, but I've taken time off to be with my children.
Really?
And that's why I was in the area.
There you were, you were just driving along on your way to an audition and then suddenly, you see what?
I turn the corner and what I saw was a man with black hair in a Kevlar vest with a black shirt and a rifle standing on the corner, on the left-hand corner, motioning a girl in her car to come forward.
And, Russell, I mean, what was the first that you heard about this?
I'm sitting in my office, my phone rings, it says my wife is calling, I pick it up, expecting a normal conversation about what time I'm going to be home and what we're going to do with the kids that night.
Debra, I mean, what kind of gun was he using?
He had an automatic rifle.
When you come face to face with that, had you ever as a couple had much thought about guns before this?
I know a bit about guns and I have shotguns at a range, so I know what they look like, but I've never seen somebody out on the street with an automatic rifle the way it was -- it was aimed at first the girl that he hijacked and then myself.
They fire incredibly quickly, don't they?
They fire incredibly quickly.
You must feel incredibly lucky to be alive, don't you?
I feel very lucky to be alive.
Would you be prepared to do that?
I would love to meet up with her.
But nobody in Washington seems to care enough to do something about it?
I've always been very neutral in terms of gun control.
What is your reaction to Edward Snowden's decision to leak this information?
I think Mr. Snowden had no right to arrogate to himself the right to decide where to strike the balance between liberty and security.
What do you believe the consequences of his decision could be at their worst?
Well, the problem is, that once you start explaining to al Qaeda and Hezbollah how you are operating, they can avoid what you're doing, and you can't explain to the American people without explaining to Hezbollah and al Qaeda.
Why should they?
OOLSEY: Well, they don't know everything about your online activity, because it's illegal --
But they could, right?
It's illegal for them to take some steps with respect to it such as to get into the substance of the -- of the intercept.
You are a supporter of Edward Snowden and his actions, why?
Well, from what I hear and what he's done, I mean, he's done a great service because he's telling the truth and this is what we are starved for.
It's palpably a breach, isn't it?
Well, it depends on whether or not you want to preserve your country's ability to operate in a world of terrorism in which a lot of terrorist are very technically sophisticated.
-- 99.9 percent of the information being effectively seized here?
Given the fact that this system was put together by the people's elected representatives that it's been upheld by the courts.
They both have to be considered and you apparently -- Piers, not to want to consider security?
No, no, I absolutely do want to consider it.
If you had been president, are you in all seriousness telling me that you would have stopped all of this tracking of data in the way that the NSA has been doing it?
AUL: An awful lot of it, but it wouldn't be stopped.
What's wrong with that?
Well, I just --
Jeffrey Toobin, is anything that's happened here illegal?
Certainly not, as far as we can tell.
But after the Gateway legislation called the Patriot Act, as an American I think anybody living in this country isn't any expectation of privacy and personal, you know, security -- isn't that really a moot point, the whole discussion about having any kind of privacy?
That is a really good point.
Well, basically, Ron Paul the president, would he utilize the information that was collected to prevent another 9/11 or what would he use in place of it?
Right.
What do you say to that?
I think that's pretty much a red herring, I mean, it's nonsense.
How does that serve the American public interest?
Well, there's no -- there's been no accusation at all that he's handing any kind of information to China.
But what is to stop -- what is to stop the Chinese doing that should they so wish if they get a hold of him first?
I mean, that's an interesting question, but I think it side- steps a real issue, which is that he showed that the United States was violating multiple laws in both the Patriot Act and the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.
I mean, is he just a -- collection of metadata, like they claim, or can the people at the sharp end, and there are 1.4 million Americans currently working intelligence in some way who have that kind of access -- can they read e-mails, listen to phone calls, et cetera?
Yes, they can.
What was that and is that what people are doing to protect themselves?
Yes, that very much is what people are doing.
Is it similar, though, or is it a very different kind of thing that what we're seeing right now in Istanbul?
It looks similar, but it's actually more -- the parallels are closer to another set of scenes that you might remember.
And what do you think has triggered it?
I'm absolutely surprised.
Fareed, I mean, this prompts the question given what has happened to all the dictators in the Middle East in the last two years, why would Erdogan want to put himself into that kind of category by behaving in what appears to be a dictatorial manner?
It is clearly a miscalculation but the reason is I think he sees himself as very different.
Margaret Thatcher?
Margaret Thatcher.
Are we seeing that the Turkish Putin emerging here do you think?
There are elements of Putinism here that certainly in the way the media has been treated in Turkey and the fact that my colleagues in the Turkish media are largely terrified of criticizing this prime minister and showing things that will make him angry and also the measures that have been taken against the big media owners in the country, slapping them with half billion-dollar tax fines has a certain way of changing the editorial tone of TV network.
What will happen in the next few days and weeks do you think?
I think it all depends.
Are they right to be that concerned?
Well, I think so and I think that the behavior of the prime minister has become increasingly authoritarian as was said.
How tough should the penalties be for him?
Well, what should happen, I guess, first of all, we have to -- we have to get him back under our jurisdiction and it's not clear to me how that's going to happen because he's half way around the world.
Finally and briefly, if you don't mind, where do you see the line being drawn between an individual's right to privacy in America particular in the modern technological era with so much data available through computers and social networking and cell phones, and so on and a government, a state, a country's right to defeat and attack and take on terrorism through the kind of activities the NSA does?
Well, I think we got to be absolutely clear that whenever the NSA wants to look into the content of communications of Americans, they've got to have a warrant.
Were things that might turn into scandals just cut off midway?
In terms of the reaction from various bodies, the State Department's response is, "We hold all employees to the highest standards.
How damaging could this be to her?
I think it's cannon fodder for political shows and talk radio.
Is there anything that he's done except to warn the public interest?
I think there's a couple of answers to that.
What do you see here with this guy?
Yes.
Why is he a hero?
Wow.
Is that really what she is?
Robin, let me ask you.
What is to stop people with this kind of information doing exactly the same thing?
Yes, well, that is the big tradeoff.
Really?
That is a big --
Marc, Marc Lamont Hill, do you -- do you feel that, Marc Lamont Hill?
Kevin, there hasn't always been a good faith expectation from the American public.
Robin?
You know, rating amongst the American public but we've seen poll after poll come out actually in the context of a very heated and emotional debate in the country where people have said in poll after poll that they are willing to give up some freedom for -- for security.
Why didn't he go through the whistleblower program?
They -- as John Miller suggested, he could just be a bit of a loser, who was never a big achiever, who didn't go through all checks and balances, and thought I'm going to go out as some great hero.
(LAUGHTER) Robin, what do you hunt with a gun that can shoot from that far away?
A gazelle, I guess.
Are there elephants in Texas that I'm not aware of?
But you know what, if civilians could have that, I would be happy to know that our military has it.
Kevin Madden?
Yes, you could probably shoot the wings off a fly with that.
Kevin, you don't think that's OK, do you?
The right to bear arms means you have a right to bear a gun that can shoot from 10 football fields away and take down herds of elephants.
Robin Meade, explain to me how he doesn't get any jail time for head butting his wife but he does get 30 days in jail for patting the backside of his attorney?
I really don't think he meant it as a joke.
Everyone slaps their butts, right?
Exactly.
Justice completely turned on its face here?
This is absolutely ridiculous.
And she was about to let him out on probation, correct?
Right.
About domestic violence?
Right.
Why is he being jailed for triviality when he wasn't being jailed for head-butting his wife?
Well, full disclosure, I'm a Cincinnati Bengals fan, so I used to be a big fan of Chad Johnson.
Are you -- are you brave enough to give me a few little bars now?
Sure.
Anything you like?
Gotcha.
But what is it about singing?
Thanks.
How important is that going to be, do you think, for determining the outcome?
IMMERMAN: Well, many attorneys will tell you that a case is won essentially in jury selection.
I mean, how is he and why has he put on so much weight?
Well, I think -- I think George put on the weight because of the stress.
Does he regret now carrying a gun around now like that?
Well, I can't talk about George's regrets but I certainly --
Do you regret that he had?
Absolutely not.
But do you actually think that Trayvon Martin was going to beat your brother to death?
I don't --
I mean, is that really what you think would have happened in that case?
I think that there has been discoverable evidence that's come forward that shows that Mr. Martin really enjoyed fighting.
What is it and how threatening is it going to be in the next 24 hours?
It is a long -term event that has to get its act together.
What was going through my mind when I found out you want to interview me?
No, no, no.
I'm sorry, could you say that last part again?
Let me shorten my questions.
People are calling me a hero?
Yes.
To actually go through it, to see your family home going up in flames, to see the neighborhood where I believe your wife has lived since she was 4 years old, so many families and friends that you know being so badly affected, what does it do to a community?
It brings a community like ours very much together.
What is your view of it?
Well, I think he's not a hero and I think a lot of people are trying to turn him into that.
Jeffrey, your reaction?
Can you imagine -- I mean, here is this 29-year-old high school dropout, well, he scrutinized these documents very carefully and he decided they were not a damage to national security.
Should the Americans get all uptight about what the Chinese are doing to their computers if it turns out they're doing the same thing?
We have a national security agency to do foreign intelligence in other countries.
But when it's normal grandpa and grandpa's phone call on Mother's Day or Father's Day?
OK.
Why should it be so all encompassing and why aren't the American people entitled to know about it?
Well, because of the technology they have, they need this enormous meta data to -- as Jeremy Bash, who is a senior official said - in order to find a needle in a haystack, you need to have the haystack.
Jeffrey Toobin?
I think it's a terrible thought, it's a terrible idea.
He was trying quite hard to get to first base, wasn't he?
Well, he was trying to get information from journalists to prosecute people who leak.
Now, why shouldn't they also face the same potential charges as he has?
Because the First Amendment specifically refers to the freedom of the press.
Ben Ferguson, would you jail journalists over this?
No, I wouldn't.
Isn't that what the founding fathers, Jeffrey, intended the Second Amendment to mean?
This is an example how much the debate changed in this country.
Did you fear that she was very seriously hurt?
I wasn't afraid of the gunman, obviously, I went running back out there and he was still out there.
When you saw Jerri again for the first time tonight, I mean, you've obviously been through this extraordinary experience together where both of you could have lost your lives quite easily, what was that moment like for you when you -- when you met?
We gave each other big hugs.
What is your view given what you've been through?
Well, Piers, I actually grew up down south.
Debra, say -- you want to say something?
Debra wants to say one thing --
What was your take on what happened in court today?
Well, it was interesting because not only did he not say a word, but he walked in with his head down and he had his hands cuffed, he had his ankles cuffed as well, but I noticed in looking at the videotape later something very striking.
Could that play a part in him avoiding the death penalty in this case which may be the only unresolved thing left?
Well, it remains to be seen if the prosecutor or how much the prosecutor will take into account the feelings of the victims and the relatives.
Is this likely to succeed as a charge, do you think, if it comes to trial?
Good evening, Piers, and thanks for having me on.
What happened?
It was a happy time for me.
What did you feel?
I first got the phone call, and I was -- I didn't believe -- not that I didn't believe it.
How did you do it?
Well, first I -- 10 years later I tried to get information, and when I got the nerve to go to the precinct.
And what was the breakthrough moment?
2008, I find these Background Checks.
That's online service which checks people's names, right?
Yes.
And eventually you began to piece it all together and then you went to the police again?
No, I just put that away.
So what was the moment you went to the police?
November of 2012.
And how quickly was it the police found the guy?
Very quickly.
But all from the information you gave them?
I guess.
When did you learn that this was so serious?
I was actually at work, and I got a text message from one of my boys' parents on my soccer team asking me if we've been evacuated and not knowing what was going on, I turned the radio on and by that time we were already in the mandatory evacuation, so I ended up locking up the gym early, speeding down the Black Forest to grab the dog.
What did you have with you?
Well, I was at work but the only he was able to grab was the dogs.
How tough was it?
It was pretty tough by the time I got back to (INAUDIBLE), the police closed it off and I got out of my car and I asked them listen, I have three dogs, it will take me five minutes to get down there, I'll be back within a flash and he told me that I was risking my own life and obviously did what I have to do for our family.
What were you feeling at that moment?
I mean, I wanted to have a meltdown.
Where are you guys staying now?
We are staying actually at Danielle's friend's house.
I've also read that you now want to volunteer at these shelters, why?
We've experienced first-hand how it feels and we have a lot of friends in the Black Forest community, friends, family and we just -- we want to give back to them.
Six month have now gone by, nearly 5,000 more Americans have been killed by guns and it seems to me, let's be brutally honest, absolutely nothing has changed and this prompts the question, if nothing changes when 20 children get murdered, when does it change?
Yes, how can you look in the eyes of the families of these murdered 6 and 7-year-olds and tell them that we can't do anything when the facts are the facts that in Columbine if we had universal background checks those guys might not have gotten the guns.
Remember this TV add?
I'm Joe Manchin, I approve this ad because I'll always defend West Virginia.
Let's take an example, Lindsey Graham, who I happen to personally like, but he's very pro-Second Amendment, very pro-gun rights, very anti any new form of gun control or background checks, and yet he's one of the first people to pop up in the last week whole heartedly endorsing the NSA gathering all this date and information about Americans, seemingly oblivious to hypocrisy of that position, when one of his arguments against background check and why should the government have all this information on us?
Yes, you know, it's never made a lot of sense to me.
But at what risk and damage to the average American privacy, do you think?
Well, clearly, the information that they've gleaned from this program has led to some bad guys being stopped from doing bad things.
Where do you sit?
Well, let's start off with Snowden.
Do you agree with that?
Well, I think that -- and we've had this over the years and we've had it actually a number of times over the years but there's never been anything quite like this and there's never been -- you know, this is all because of what's happened with all of the e-mails and the twitters and all of -- you know, what's taking place in a computerized world.
Is that not in the public interest?
Well, China is having a field day because that's true.
Are you surprised by that news?
Well, I was surprised.
Yes, I mean, what do you -- what do you hear or think is maybe behind it?
Well, I don't hear anything.
What do you think of Hillary generally and what do you think of her chances if she does run a success in 2016?
Well, she's getting hit very hard.
If he did run, if he did run, Donald, would you -- would you see yourself endorsing him pretty quickly?
Well, I have a great relationship with him.
Am I overstating things?
He's definitely a geek.
What is that type?
He's a little bit of a know-it-all.
If you're such a great, you know, campaigner for privacy and everything else, why on earth would you go and work at the NSA?
That's a great question.
The kind of picture I got from what you unearthed about him was just, you know, he's -- he's a guy with a pretty big sense of his own importance in life but that importance in life was quite important in his little world, was nowhere near important enough for him to start making decisions about national security, was it?
Well, what's important to understand is that on this forum that he was posting on, it's very for tech geeks, for IT guys, he posted nearly 800 times.
But am I unfair to say that?
No, I don't think you're unfair but then -- and that's one viable scenario for sure, looking at this as a psychologist, just as another person.
We all have our view taken from our positions but in the Internet world, it's your world, is he seen as more of a hero than a villain?
I think the Internet, at least types of communities he is a part of has been broadly sympathetic.
Tell me first of all, if you may, Teresa, how did it go today in Washington, and in particular your meeting with the president?
The president has been so supportive of our cause and we're more than happy to work with him and Vice President Biden in their effort to pass some commonsense gun legislation.
How does it make you feel?
Well, it makes me feel very sad.
What does that tell you about America right now?
It just shows you how screwed up this country has become and how you can see someone walk into an elementary school and use that gun to kill 20 6- and 7-year-olds, to look at them and not even care when you hear them scream, and just open fire, to look at six educators who are there to teach their kids, to teach them how to write and how to do multiplication and add.
What do you think it's going to take to persuade the people in Washington to actually take this more seriously than they have done so far?
Well, I just think more average Americans, though almost 90 percent that seem to agree with gun registration will speak up.
What are you serving up?
I've been watching you two now for a few weeks.
Are you feeling the nerves?
I think if I wasn't a little nervous I wouldn't be -- it wouldn't have a pulse.
Any faults of hers we could dwell on?
I'll tell you what.
Fake angry?
I'll go higher with it.
What is its unique selling points, do you think?
Big is the word that comes to mind.
That was the big growing pain for me coming here is, how am I going to do this for five hours when this story is developing in front of me?
Because you were plunged right in.
Is that something you've always tried to do?
I believe that, you know, to be fair, I think that is the job.
You know?
Yes.
With the 4:00 a.m. alarm call every morning?
Come on, tell him.
And?
But to get ready for it, I've been calling it my spring training.
How early?
I was waking up at 2:15.
Do you have had your heart broken?
Many times.
How do you feel about being a prime time exclusive, Harry?
If it's with you, I'm quite happy.
Do you like that?
That's a big -- that's a big compliment, because when you're chilling out by the pool and you want to put some music on, those are -- those are big decisions you -- you know, I feel very honored that you picked me.
You do?
Yes.
What's the matter with you?
It's kind of -- I guess it's fast if I drive it fast.
But what could you say?
I've spoken to him a lot about it.
But you've been through that terrible pain and grief when you were very young, haven't you?
Yes, I have.
It must feel strange to you, so long?
What feels amazing to me is how the city has not only rebuilt, but taken the devastation and found opportunity.
When you see other weather-related disasters, most recently Oklahoma and going back to Joplin and the hurricanes, tornadoes, Hurricane Sandy here in -- on the East Coast, do you think that America, as a result of what happened in Katrina and all the controversy that came out, has America got better at dealing with the immediate aftermath of these things?
ONNICK: And the America I know is the America that showed up and helped us build 80 houses for our musicians' village.
Is it too late?
I'd better look at my notes.
Now, come on, what should every man know?
Well, the song says --
What do I need to do?
In many case, it -- I married my best friend.
Do they even know what a CD is?
My --
They'd be like, dad, what -- what the hell is that piece of archaic old material?
I'm telling you, you know, thank God there are different ways to get music out there.
But is this a -- a generic song about love?
Not really.
Is this you in an earlier incarnation?
Oh, yes.
Did you have your heart broken?
Many times.
Really?
It's a horrible feeling.
Do you sing to her in the bath?
I try.
Wait, wait, who -- who's in the bath, me or her?
I don't know.
You know what happens?
ORGAN: (INAUDIBLE).
How do you feel if one of your girls said, dad, I've decided I'm going to be a pop star?
Well, I don't know if you can decide to be a pop star, but if they said, dad, I'm going --
You wouldn't mind?
No, no, no, I wouldn't mind at all.
Do you care how much the government goes around your phone calls, emails?
Yes, I don't want them rootling around in my gear, mate.
Russell, how are you?
Today, I'm in a very good mood.
Why are you in a good mood?
Well, I like coming on the program --
The fact it's Friday?
I love -- I enjoyed Friday and all of its sacred implications and I'm very happy to be with you, of course, across this prospect piece of wonderment, this geometrical division.
But what -- what's your take on it?
I think as an immigrant in this country, a good degree of caution is advised with these matters, as you yourself have experienced from your own outspoken views.
Are they heroes, though?
That's the definition of hero, is sacrificing yourself for others.
Is that heroic?
Because, you know, like I'm not a politician or anything.
ORGAN: Do you care how much a government rootles around your phone calls, e-mails?
Yes, I don't want them rootling around in my gear, mate.
But do you care?
Yes, I do, as a matter of fact.
Because that's what it comes down to, how far are you prepared to let a government do that kind of thing in the name of protecting you and keeping your country safer from potential attacks?
I think that we have to test the veracity of their intention to protect before handing over such enormous power.
I want to come back and ask the question that most of my viewers are asking every time you come on, where did you learn all these long words?
All right.
What was it like kissing Alec Baldwin?
It's all right (ph), because he's ever so -- he's got big strong, alpha tendencies and he was very wise.
Where did you learn to speak like this, seriously?
Listen, in --
Where did you learn to speak like this?
RAND: Like, I like reading -- I like watching BBC comedies.
But when you were a young kid, you couldn't have been like seven or eight speaking like this, right?
No --
Yes, I went to a comprehensive school, that school at 15, didn't I?
Yes.
But did you study dictionaries?
Yes.
How is your love life?
It's about all right, thank you very much.
Yes, blooming?
Blooming.
Why would she use that analogy, do you think?
Well, I don't know.
-- much are you going to go on about this (INAUDIBLE)?
I'm going to show you a picture of your ex --
Why would you do this?
-- cavorting --
What is The Messiah Complex?
The Messiah Complex is a disorder where the sufferer believes himself to be God's anointed chosen one on Earth to bring about, you know, peace or whatever.
Is that true?
Yes, it's true.
And who are the kind of people that you're going to be talking about in relation to the -- the kind of godlike figures?
Yes, because I'm not accusing these people of having the messiah complex, I just like that pun.
What is the great love for Russell Brand, really?
It's nice to do a movie if you're with Alec Baldwin or Helen Mirren or Jonah Hill or Jason Segel.
What is the -- what is the path to happiness for Russell Brand, do you think?
RAND: For me, I think it's about trying to overcome relentless egotism and selfishness.
What's the secret?
There's really no secret.
Punishing, grueling gym sessions like I have to?
No, but I wish I did.
Why dreaming?
Well, you know, especially as a kid growing up in Kentucky, there's a lot to, in my mind, to dream about.
When you were that 18-year-old Billy Ray, what was the big dream?
Well, when I was 18 years old, the big dream for me was to be Johnny Bench.
So what do you feel about Justin?
I -- I like him, you know.
When that happened, did you sit down with her and give her the life lesson about this is what's going to happen and these are the pitfalls?
You know what, I think it was more met with Miley growing up under the circus tent of my life, realizing that, again, that's, you know, for -- in this business, the higher you go, the further you fall, knowing that in entertainment, you -- that's the -- there's a good side of it, that anything you can dream, you can be, have or do and it can go really, really high.
What was the toughest moment when you look back?
Looking back at my life, some of the adversities I faced as a kid, to be honest, early on.
But where go you get that from?
Well --
Your parents or?
Thank you very much for saying that and it was an honor.
As his father, what do you think about the system that allowed this to happen?
I think it's totally broken.
And he was clearly, from what he told police, planning to commit an atrocity?
So we really can't get into the detail about what's going to happen in trial, because he hasn't been to trial for that yet.
Having to hand your son in, because you've just run out of options, what do you feel about Washington doing nothing?
It's a -- it's going to happen again.
What do you think it will take, Tricia, to wake people out of their slumber on this issue?
Well, if the Aurora, Colorado, shooting didn't wake people up and the shooting that happened in California, that didn't wake people up, I don't think Congress and the government -- I don't think you can wake them up.
What did you feel in that moment?
Well, we -- our intention was not to go have Blake arrested.
Bill?
It is heartbreaking, but our son is alive.
How do you feel about that?
It is heartbreaking.
What is your advice to them?
Don't hide it.
Blake?
He's -- you know, he's -- not out swimming.
Bill, in conclusion, I mean, did you have any fixed view about gun control before all this hit your family?
Well, you know the Second Amendment right and everybody's aware of that, but I think we need to peel the onion back a little bit.
What did you discover in your show?
What you start to see is, these types of folks, they aren't in a database.
I mean, how lax is it in reality?
PURLOCK: I mean, in terms of somebody like that who has mental problems, it's very lax because none of that is reported.
What does it say about America's relationship with guns?
I mean, it's very much -- there's a part of this that is very embedded into our culture.
What is the sensible compromise from what you went through with your show, could make a difference in reducing the gun violence toll?
I mean, I feel like if you do universal background checks, it's a great start.
Why would any civilian really need one of those outside of hawk (ph) hunting?
Well, sure.
How was that?
It was pretty great.
There's a sense that within 20 years, it probably will be completely legal in America?
Sure.
From what you've found in your show, is that a good thing?
I think that one of the things I was really -- what I -- what I was really intrigued by is the number of people who came in there, who for years had been strung out on countless medication.
ORGAN: So that's a good thing?
That's a great thing.
What is the negative?
I think that the negative From their standpoint, you know, a lot of folks that we spoke to who were kind of anti the campaign is they feel like that suddenly it's going to be -- it's going to be the '60s again and kids are going to be out, you know, just wanting to get high, and not going to school, and we're going to become this lazy bunch of people who just sit around and eat Twinkies all the time.
And is that a real risk, do you think?
I think it's -- I think the key is making sure that you try -- and again, it's like, you know, kids always had access to marijuana.
Isn't that one of the scariest images you've ever seen?
That's -- the amazing thing is there's about 30,000 McDonald's all around the world.
Now you are the one person I really want to know, do you believe it?
Well, he also didn't say he got his leg removed in surgery.
I mean, that just can't be right, can it?
Yes, well, I think he's -- you know, again there's ways for you to go in there, so there's a way to go in and eat responsibly at all these restaurants.
What do you make of Mayor Bloomberg in New York banning the sugary drinks over 16 ounces?
I mean, it's one of those things where part of me applauds the idea of something like that wanting to happen, but part of me hates the idea of having to ban anything.
But does that ever happen in reality?
No.
So if he's right?
Yes.
-- improve the quality of life of people?
That's right.
Do you ever sneak a little Big Mac in?
Never.
Do you have -- not have again since the movie?
Not since March 2nd, 2003.
Are you almost allergic to it?
If I eat like a -- the last time I ate it, like when it hits my mouth, it just tastes like chemicals.
What is your take on where America is right now and where is it going?
I mean, I am -- I am an optimist.
Having been the great manufacturer of the world?
Well, now you --
Where do you sit with him?
I saw this incredible Bob Schieffer I saw on TV last night who said something great.
But you're a whistle blower of sorts?
Yes.
Is that not in itself the justification?
I think it's -- I mean, I think that he -- what he did is great.
What should he do?
I think he should come back.
What else can we look forward to in the show?
One of my favorite episodes is all about kind of end of life issues, like what happens with the elderly, and so I move in with my 91-year-old grandmother.
Really?
Yes.
How did that go?
It was great, I called her up and I said, hey, Thudie ph), you want to have a roommate.
Do something horrible to you like sharks tend to do?
REIS: Well, I've been around sharks for many years.
When you see the video, what are you thinking to yourself?
When I watch the video, it's almost a surreal moment.
Where are you going next?
I'm not too sure about that yet.
Riding them around?
Well, I'm not too sure about how many people have actually done it, per se.
So, Jeff, what do you make of young Chris' shark riding?
Well, good evening, guys.
What do you think of that, Jeff?
Well, we -- when we vilify them, it makes it a lot easier to unsustainably exploit them.
If you're -- if you're in the water as he was in Texas, and you do get attacked by a shark, what is the most sensible course of action?
If you're religious, start praying to God.
Any regrets having heard what Jeff had to say?
Well, if a little bit of un-education with some of -- with a whale shark in general, that touching it might have absolutely harmed it, yes, I might feel regretful about it knowing that I might have injured it.
And the motivation appears to be financial, is that right?
Yes, I think you're right.
Can you tell me what your reaction is to this shocking story?
Well, I know, you know, how it was down there because I was there quite a bit.
So when you say lies, I mean -- when you say lies, are you disputing that your son along with the other suspects kept this woman who is, we know, mentally disabled and her child captive for two years?
Yes, that's wrong.
What is wrong about it?
What is -- everything is wrong about it.
So are you saying that absolutely none of this is true?
Absolutely none of this is true, no.
Excuse me?
No, after you.
What was that?
No, you say what you want to say, Becky.
If none of this happened, why are the police taking this dramatic action of charging your son and his partner and the third person and potentially a fourth with extremely serious offenses?
Because Jordie and Jessie heard the little girl crying a lot in the bedroom that they were at.
ORGAN: Who was taking her money that she was getting for her disability?
She was giving them a couple of hundred dollars a month for staying there and she was getting her own food.
Have you spoken to your son Jordie about this since he was charged?
Yes.
And what does he say?
He's devastated that all this is being said about them.
You say that you -- you have had this woman and her daughter at your house in the last two years several times, is that right?
Yes, yes, I have.
And she gave no suggestion to you that she was being held captive or being abused in any way?
No.
Did you have any way of -- did you have any way of proving that she was at your house?
Yes, I do.
How would you prove it?
I've got plenty of pictures proving it.
Of this woman in the last two years inside your property?
Yes.
So you believe that your son and the other suspects who have been charged are being framed and that this woman herself has been guilty of abusing her child, is that your position?
Yes.
It doesn't make much sense to me that the police would simply believe her word against three other people if, as you say, there has been absolutely no abuse whatsoever?
Well, you know, this is a little town of Ashland, and they do know Jordie and they know Jess and they are just trying to make a big case out of what Shannon did.
Did you at any point think that this T-shirt would breech any of the school's regulations?
No, because we knew that there wouldn't be an issue, you know, especially and particularly here in southern West Virginia where we're primarily -- I mean, basically we are a gun culture here.
Would it not be best to have the debate about gun control and guns and the NRA out of school classrooms and school playgrounds?
Well, you may have an argument there in certain places, Piers.
How damaging is this to the national security of the American people that this trust was violated?
I think it was irreversible and significant damage to this nation.
Has this helped America's enemies?
I believe it has, and I believe it will hurt us and our allies.
What is your reaction to that?
This is what the government says in every single case whenever somebody exposes what they want to hide from the people over whom they're ruling.
So when they say that more than 50 plots globally have been thwarted as a direct result of all this surveillance, are they lying?
No, it's not that they are lying.
Because I think the key question now is what is the line and who draws it?
Look, I had clearances for communications intelligence for years in the government.
You weren't -- but the charges were dropped, right?
They were dropped because the president was, among other things, conducting warrantless wiretapping on which I was overheard and lying about it, by the way.
Should Edward Snowden have stayed in America?
No, I think - first, I think he's benefited very much -- he's benefited.
What is your reaction to his tragic death?
I mean, it's --
Are you speaking to me?
Unspeakably horrible.
Do you think we could find a way in?
I don't know.
Paris, how the devil are you?
Good.
Has that to make you change the way you behave on Twitter and so on?
Definitely, because, you know, this could not have happened, you know, five or 10 years ago.
They tried to take your dog, didn't they?
Yes, they actually tried to take my dog, which --
How did you find her?
I love Sofia.
Can you horrify my viewers now and tell them how much the last fragrance 16th, Dazzle, how much it took in sales?
All my fragrances are over $1.5 billion so far.
And you're not married yet, are you?
No.
Do you, Piers Morgan, take Paris Hilton to be your wedded wife?
I do.
And do you, Paris Hilton, take Piers Morgan to be your lawful wedded husband?
I do.
Is that right?
I call him my man.
Is he a man yet?
Yes, he's very mature.
Is he aware that I exist as your only husband to date?
He's very aware of that.
How is he dealing of that?
Of course, he's a little bit jealous of you.
Do you think you may see any wedding bells with River?
You know, we just celebrated our one-year anniversary and I've never been happier.
What the hell is going on?
Well, you know, that's bad news for him.
All this stuff recently just seems to be nibbling away at the fact that he was Mr. Transparent and now he's Mr. Sneaky?
Look, I mean, the minute that you are mentioning in the same sentence as Dick Cheney when your campaign slogan was hope and change, I think you're in a very problematic position and you mentioned the word trust, and I think that that is the one word that describes where he is right now.
Is he losing the people that really, really put the money up and backed him?
I don't think so.
But isn't this the point?
We're not spied on but their conversations are --
Isn't that the difference?
Yes.
Brand experience?
Brand.
I mean, they went as if they couldn't understand a word he was saying?
Piers --
Why would she use that analogy, do you think?
Well, I don't know.
Would Rasputin divorce his wife by text?
I love Russell Brand.
Van Jones, I mean, can you ever imagine being in the position where you would divorce somebody by text message?
Well, I can't imagine -- people do a lot of stuff by text messaging.
Really?
There -- I mean, there are -- you know, it's interesting that technological advancements have done so many great things, but I think we've lost the intimacy of having these sorts of conversations and it allows people, especially young people, to have an excuse to not talk about awkward things that can be very uncomfortable like this, like a divorce.
The charter Tony Soprano in the lexicon of television?
I think it's at the top because I think, you know, television forever was, you know, consumed with creating a lead charter who would be, you know, likable and I think he made him -- he made this incredibly scary guy, who in many ways, extremely likable at the same time.
What kind of shape was he in there?
He was -- he was in a jovial mood, Piers.
Would you go along with that?
I would agree completely with that.
But what is your reaction?
Well, I was shocked.
What do you think?
Well, it will be right up there.
You mean like Vegas?
No, not Vegas.
What, you mean like a hospital with the padded rooms and the straight jackets?
No, no straight jackets.
What are you picking up there?
Yes, definitely, Piers.
Were you aware, were the cast aware of any health issues?
Well, at that time -- this -- we worked together a long time ago, and he was -- it's funny because he was just beginning -- when I worked with James, "The Sopranos" had not yet aired, so nobody knew what it was.
Is that pretty much, Kevin, how all the cast viewed him?
Again, I can't speak for everyone else, but that was certainly the impression I got.
How did Tony Soprano come into your life and into ours?
I got the script and I remember reading it and I was laughing out loud.
In what way?
You know, suave, good looking Mafioso guy.
What is your reaction to his very sad, untimely death today?
Well, I'm shocked and I'm, you know, really incredibly sad like everybody else.
He didn't seem very fit, and it's probably -- don't want to speculate about what happened to him but in terms of his capacity to do these kind of roles, you as a viewer, what did you -- what did you make of his power as a figure, physically and mentally?
He is very powerful.
Quite brooding, wasn't he?
Yes.
Jeffrey, we're talking a little bit about "The Sopranos" but he was also a great movie actor, wasn't he?
He was.
Why aren't you interested in the guy that's driving the car?
I think he was taken aback himself by the scale of fame that came with the role and he really, I think, always found that a little awkward to deal with.
Dan, what is the latest?
Well, we've been piecing together the tragic final minutes of James Gandolfini's life.
What has been the reaction in Rome and Italy why -- to his death?
Yes, I mean, I think it's best to say he was not the kind of blockbuster star that he was in the States here in Italy.
What do you think?
Well, that's the jury that was chosen, and I do think that that's where the decision is going to be made.
Because it seems that they're relying, the judge is, who called them back, on a theory that the original reason for what happened was a sex game gone wrong?
They are but just to cut to the chase here, if I am Amanda Knox, I am going to go exactly nowhere.
And, Gloria, I was a bit struck by the fact that they're clearly very, very lovey-dovey in one those images, suggesting perhaps they're even back together, but regardless of that from a legal point of view, how sensible is it that they are seen like this together when they've just been ordered back to court?
Well, I don't know if they knew that a photo was being taken.
Is there any part of the legal process that can force her to go back?
Well, again, if they to extradite her perhaps but I had a case in Italy a number of years ago and frankly I don't have a whole lot of confidence in the Italian legal process.
How can you not tell me about this before?
I don't know.
Was that true?
No, it was absolutely the opposite.
Now what does this do?
Well, this watch, I saw it a long time ago on somebody's hand at a computer show and explained to me, when you see it -- when I turned my wrist, hours, minutes.
What are those?
These are old vacuum tubes called mixing tubes running on high voltage, 140 volts inside and even though it's waterproof I wouldn't take it in the bath and expect to live.
Is that legal tender?
It's -- well, let me tell you, a lot of things about it are kind of fishy and hold it on the corners so you don't get the ink on your hands.
And they come in pads all of eight, right?
Well --
What would you sell the eight for that's worked before?
All over the world I've sold them for $5 a sheet.
So you would -- you would sell me $8 worth for $5?
Yes, four of these bills for $5.
Why would I not just buy this entire pad now and make an immediate 100 bucks?
Because there's so many other people around, I want to spread the joy.
Are you -- are you a fan of somebody like Edward Snowden?
Yes, I'm not going -- you know, there are some people that takes sides in the world and I'm always against anything government, you know, any three-letter agency or I'm always for them because I'm on the opposite side, and I'm not like that.
Given the speed with which technology is advancing all the time, smart phones, computers, laptops, and so on, where are we going to be in 10 years' time?
The computer is going to get smarter and smarter, and more like humans.
Sweet little baby?
As far as you can tell.
Do you know the baby's name?
I do not know the baby's name.
They were married?
No, they're not married.
Will you come back soon and do a longer interview?
I sure would.
Will you come back soon?
Yes, any time, Piers.
So why has Wall Street gone into complete panic mode?
Because Wall Street like to -- they have this thing where you sell a news and you buy on the fear.
Is there -- is there any sensible rationale for what Wall Street did today?
No, I --
Or is it simply taking a bit of money because they are greedy pigs?
YSSDAL: There's -- well, all right, your phrase.
Abby Huntsman, have you got anything to say about the global economy?
Absolutely.
Do you feel that the fact that someone like him has done this is indicative of just a sea change now coming through America quite quickly?
I think it's coming, and the only question is how quickly people are going to get out of the way when it does.
And your positioning yourself?
I'm positioning myself.
What was going through your mind?
Honestly nothing, just kept -- if the baby falls I just need to try to catch him.
Are you going to stand there and try and catch that baby knowing that one false move and it could die?
It's so different reading the story and then putting it on prospective when you see exactly how far the baby fell.
I'd like to think with four kids I would do what she did but I've got to say it was an extraordinarily brave thing to do, wasn't it, Marc?
ILL: It was incredibly brave.
These are the mom from the kid on the balcony?
Well --
Are you kidding me?
We now have several states in America have legalized marijuana.
Cameras on or cameras off?
Marc Lamont Hill, let me ask you one quick question.
In 30 years' time will there be any state in America which still outlaws marijuana?
Probably Texas and Utah just because they're weird.
I -- it really was a trail blazer, "The Sopranos," wasn't it?
Yes.
If heaven exist, what would you like to hear God say when you arrive at the pearly gates?
Take over for a while, I'll be right back.
Rudy, how are you?
I'm good.
How are you, Piers?
Well, I'm good, but I don't know what to make of all of this.
Right?
Right.
Do you think there is a reasonable defense for putting into the public domain the material that he reasonably judiciously chose to put out there?
There's -- there really isn't a legal defense, there's an emotional defense.
Is there a public interest defense?
You can try all that.
Is there any more that the president should be doing to try and bring him to justice?
Well, I think the president is doing everything he can to bring him to justice.
-- for political gain and perhaps even intelligence?
I think we would.
To the extent that you have aided and abetted Snowden, even in his current movements, why shouldn't you, Mr. Greenwald, be charged with a crime?
I think it's pretty extraordinary that anybody who would call themself a journalist would publicly muse about whether or not other journalists should be charged with felonies.
Or should we just be focusing on Snowden himself?
Well, I mean I think a journalist has the power and the right to ask any question that they want.
What did you make of it?
Well, first of all, if I were George Zimmerman, I would be furious at my lawyer unless the lawyer told him he was going to open with that joke.
What was your reaction today to day one of this eagerly awaited Zimmerman- Trayvon trial today?
The joke was inappropriate and wasn't funny.
Do you think that will sustain itself through the trial, or do you think inevitably it will turn into a race trial?
I think it's hard to avoid race in this trial.
Are you in the hero or villain camp?
You know, honestly, I haven't followed the case as much as others have.
How much do you care about your own private data being made available to a government?
I care tremendously.
What do you think of that?
I think that we all grow, we all develop.
Nobody wants to make a decision?
Yes.
Is it an overreaction?
I'm not so sure it is.
Everything changes, but are you growing?
I agree with you.
How long could you talk for if you wanted?
Well, I'm no Fidel Castro - (LAUGHTER)
For anybody who is looking for this, who worried about it, you know, maybe has heart issues and so on, what should they be really, really looking for?
Well, the first sign which both of these cast members had, was shortness of breath.
Does that have a material impact on later heart issues?
It's a risk factor for heart problems because it can damage the heart while you're taking the cocaine or doing some of these other drugs or alcohol.
Is it genetic at all, this kind of -- this kind of heart attack?
It is genetic, but it's only a third genetic.
The myth about these, and I'm told there's a myth, is that you can actually get flu or flu-like symptoms simply by having the shot, is that true?
You cannot get the flu from the flu shot because the material is actually dead flu virus.
That is a myth?
That's a myth.
Does that make sense to you?
It's exactly what happened.
Can you at least just say, "Sorry, Piers"?
I'm sorry, Piers.
Where do you sit with this?
Well, it's an interesting perspective.
Can you talk about what's been going on there for women who are watching who are curious?
Well, if you can keep your weight down within a reasonable amount as you get pregnant, it makes life a lot easier for you and the baby.
And this can be used with any game like "Call of Duty," any of the popular games?
Anything, and other systems, too.
Is it working?
Yes.
How is that not to a disturbed mind -- and this is a sniper rifle you have, right?
Yes.
I mean, and you know, would you take that away from them, the joy of just having a little fun inside their house?
I think the argument -- the least effective argument I've heard about guns is -- especially with the AR-15s which these replicate, is they're just good fun.
Well, when you were holding that sniper rifle, did you feel like shooting someone?
No, but I'm not mentally disturbed.
How significant could that be, of Trayvon Martin's DNA I should say?
Right.
And what would be the purpose of Saran wrap and Vaseline?
I was going to try to seal the chest wound, sir.
Tom Mesereau, from all that you've seen so far, would you rather be in the defense or the prosecution camp?
Well, Piers, because the law so much favors the defense, I mean, this is one of the best self-defense statutes for a defendant I've ever seen and it's one of the most pro-defense states in America when it comes to raising self- defense.
But this is where, Thomas, that Florida is probably the best possible place in America that George Zimmerman could wish to be tried because, as you say, the statute of law there is so heavily skewed in his favor?
Well, yes, and also remember, the burden of proof which applies in every state of America is beyond any reasonable doubt.
How much could that in the end sway, do you think, this final decision?
Well, I think their heart must go out to the parents, especially the mother of the deceased Trayvon Martin.
Do you think it's right that she'd been thrown to the wolves in the way that she has?
Well, I think you're absolutely right, Piers, me included.
I've asked this to a few guests before, but do you believe in the context of all this going on this week, is America in your view a more or less racist country since Barack Obama first got elected president?
Well, as I said, I think we've mentioned -- we made tremendous progress, but I think we also see how the president has been treated when people stand up in Congress and say you lie.
Joel, how are you how?
Hey, doing great, Piers.
What were you thinking standing there watching this guy risking his life?
You know, I was like millions of other Americans.
If he had fallen, what would you have said?
You know, I didn't really think about it.
What did you say to him?
Well, Piers, I prayed that God would give him strength and skill and that the gifts God had given him would come out to the full, that he would have focus and not be distracted -- just he would be at his best and the top of his game.
Pretty awesome, isn't it?
It really is.
Are you going to be buying a pair of his jeans, which have now become the hottest jeans apparently in America?
I didn't know that, but maybe I will!
Will you be with him every step of the way on these?
Oh, I would love to.
What is going on in his head right now?
Yes.
What's going on in this guy's head?
I -- the one thing I can tell you is it's not an addiction to something like a high -- high risk that sort of thing.
So it's fame?
And many --
And we can have one of the most powerful political positions in America, held by somebody who will be sending -- let's be honest -- photos of his wiener to other strange women?
They learn to perhaps be more circumspect and careful but they don't change substantively.
Does that work?
Does not work.
From America?
I'm not getting 460 calories.
It's all very well, you're saying no to the yummy but I mean, you take the yummy out of life, what are you left with?
Listen, your point is well taken.
Why?
Well, because I found out the facts and the facts are my initial thinking was like most Americans.
Sanjay Gupta, who's seen as a very respected medical guy, he's very firmly, look, there is no evidence that he's seen that marijuana is any more harmful than alcohol or tobacco, and on that basis, why should it be treated differently?
But that's a bizarre argument.
Are those -- are those limbs, are those organizations going to pick up cannabis?
Well, that's the issue.
What am I left with?
I didn't say that.
Did it work and are you in favor of legalizing cannabis?
Piers, obviously it did not work and it's not working now.
You know, I'd be curious to find out how -- Mr. Kennedy, how prison helped you beat addiction?
Well, let's ask Patrick Kennedy to answer that very question.
Which is -- which is less harmful to America's national interest?
The good news is those aren't our two only options.
How will that play for the prosecution given that she's such a crucial witness?
Right.
What do you think?
Well, you know, she was an unusually difficult witness to evaluate because she was like a surly kid up there.
And Jayne Weintraub, I mean, if you take that at face value and that is the truth, that's a pretty devastating indictment of what George Zimmerman did, isn't it?
Well, it is and isn't, Piers, because you have to remember the only issue here really is self- defense.
Do you watch "First 48"?
I didn't hear you.
I'm sorry, the "First 48"?
A show, the "First 48," when a victim died, they call the number that the victim called before, and they have it.
Is that significant?
Well, I think it is interesting that young people often learn about the criminal justice system from television, as opposed to in school.
What's that?
I'm leaving today.
How much more time do you think that you need to finish your cross?
I certainly wouldn't -- I don't know for sure.
You know, it's not a pleasant experience, is it?
No, and I have to say, you know, the candor and the honesty, I mean, I just love that moment.
Or are they arresting him because the other guys already flipped and turned against him?
That's the biggest question.
Now, Gloria, how significant could that be in all this?
Well, if, in fact, it's the same gun that was used, we don't know because -- and by the way, the search warrants have been sealed, the records have been sealed, so we really don't know.
There is this culture, isn't it?
I think --
Of NFL players of having a gun, empowering themselves with a weapon?
I think there is a culture of guns among young people, and I think that's the issue.
Are you frustrated, though, despite the success, that what we didn't get today from the Supreme Court was a decision on a homosexual's constitutional right to get married in America?
Well, what you did get was a decision that I think lays the groundwork for decisions all across the country to establish marriage equality in every one of the 50 states.
What is your reaction to what Cardinal Dolan said?
My reaction - my reaction is the same as that, and I want to amplify what David said.
When do you see America, given the way and the speed this is moving, actually moving to what California has in totality?
I don't know that -- because it was very difficult to hear your full question.
A tragedy?
Well --
That's a tragedy for America?
I think if you want to reject the right of the Catholic bishop's collectively, not just Dolan, to actually stand up for their values and you want to say that's -- and you want to trivialize it, that's your right, but in fact, I do believe states are making arrangements.
Is this a tragedy for America, Van?
Well, first of all, I just want to say, as a Christian, if you're concerned about traditional marriage, Kim Kardashian has done more harm to traditional marriage than any gay person.
Van, any good?
Well, you know, part of the reason we want to have this show "CROSSFIRE" is because the show, which we haven't talked about that much, is going to be a half hour long and we're going to have one topic at a time so we can actually get deep into this stuff.
Martin, just procedurally what is likely to happen tomorrow?
Well, I mean, you know, if you were a viewer and if you're a court watcher and you liked this afternoon, you're going to love tomorrow because it's going to be more of the same.
And on a bigger picture, do you think we're going to see Zimmerman give evidence himself?
Not a chance.
And in terms of the bigger issues this case raises, race being a factor as many people feared or is it really coming down to a test of Florida's self-defense laws?
Well, criminal trials are really always about individual cases.
How do you collectively as a team deal with that?
Well, I mean we rely on each other a lot.
How does he deal with the particular pressure that he gets, because it's extraordinary?
It is extraordinary.
Do you think that you're going to see more professional athlete now having the courage perhaps spurred on by American public -- to be more open about things like their sexuality?
I think so.
Am I not trying hard enough?
Yes, I'm just a lucky guy.
Against us?
Yes.
To be a champion?
Oh, boy.
Just generally, how do you deal with that kind of game where you just about get away with it?
Well, you just have to play the game and luckily it went our way.
Will LeBron be with you next year?
Thank you.
All right?
That's right.
If you thought it was just a fight because it was one you knew that Trayvon Martin was planning to start?
No, sir.
The question is, will the jury believe her account?
Let's take a look at her demeanor.
And you didn't have any information from the news that this was a racially charged event?
No, I don't watch the news.
Are you OK this morning?
EANTEL: Yes.
Is that a question?
Yes.
Did someone talk with you last night about your demeanor in court yesterday?
No, I went to sleep.
What kind of woman is she?
Well, actually, I've only met her once but I will tell you, this is a person who did not want to testify.
It made you think it was racial?
Yes.
And that's because he described him as a creepy ass cracker?
Yes.
So it was racial, but it was because Trayvon Martin put race in this?
No.
You don't think that's a racial comment?
No.
You don't think that creepy ass cracker is a racial comment?
No.
I mean, I'm not saying you ever would in polite company, but is it an offensive term?
It's an offensive term.
Let's just clear up, what is a creepy ass cracker and what does it actually mean?
Well, I think creepy, you know, speaks for itself.
Is it a derogatory term -- is it a derogatory term used by black people about white people?
It's a derogatory term used by white people about white people and black people about white people, yes.
But as far as you are concerned, from your knowledge of young people and maybe other trials that you've been involved with and so on, it would not be deemed automatically to be a racist slur?
I would deem it a racist slur, so I mean, it's all where you're from, Piers, and that's been the problem with this whole -- you know, this whole case is that people want to categorize and group certain people or certain races and think that they all have the same thoughts, the same way of speech.
Do you know about that?
ACKSON: I don't know about that.
How are they dealing with the reality of this trial now?
I think for them once again, they feel like their son is being put on trial as opposed to George Zimmerman.
In terms of the way the legal case is playing out and in particular the evidence of Rachel Jeantel, are you feeling quite confident that you've established now from everything that we've seen and heard in the first few days certainly a clear indication that it looks like George Zimmerman was following Trayvon Martin and that could be significant?
Yes, I think that it's been clear.
But from a legal prospective, where are we?
Well, I think that she did take some punches.
Do you think it's a -- is it a racial slur?
Well, definitely is a racial slur.
So the last thing you heard was some kind of noise like something hitting somebody?
That Trayvon got hit -- Trayvon got hit.
You don't know that, do you?
No, sir.
Do you?
No, sir.
Why is he lying to police?
So was she.
Gloria?
I was going to say, though, you know, we talked a lot about Stand Your Ground law in this case but I think that she stood her ground and obviously, as she doesn't have perfect testimony, some lies have been pointed out.
So he told you that he could see the man again and the man was behind him, correct?
Yes, close.
And if he were hiding somewhere and the man walked close to him, they would be close together, correct?
Objection, argumentative.
In any event, your sense of it was that they got close together at that point?
He got close to Trayvon, yes, sir.
You're saying that if Trayvon Martin was getting ready to assault this man that he would have said, hang on a minute, I'll call you back?
Same objection, argumentative.
What about that he would have told you if he was getting ready to have a fight?
If he was going to confront the man, he would have told me, I'm about to confront the man and see what he wants.
Gloria?
The problem is her testimony has evolved over a period of time and she has been discredited somewhat.
How would you assess the temperature of the jury as all this was going down between Rachel Jeantel and Don West?
Well, I can tell you exactly what was going on.
What would you make of that analysis of the -- of the all-female six-woman jury?
Well, fascinating and it doesn't surprise me at all, Piers, because as I looked at her coming into the courtroom, this is the first witness that anybody has seen in this case and she comes in and I'm sorry, she comes in in jeans and a sweater and a little blouse.
Want to jump in, Jo-Ellan?
Yes.
Is this a sign of a problem endemic to the NFL or is it a wider issue about American culture and America's relationship with guns, and the fact that actually crime rate in the NFL and the players is probably not dissimilar to the crime rate outside the NFL?
Well, exactly.
What does that tell you about the mindset of some of these players?
Well, it tells me about the mindset of Aaron Hernandez if, in fact, this is true.
What is your reaction to this?
Well, my reaction is regret, number one.
So approval from whom, would you surmise?
Well, the White House is a very small place.
So your suggestion, obviously, very well-informed suggestion from your background, is the White House would have directed him to do this?
It's not well-informed.
And that would be from the White House?
Yes.
First of all, is that true?
I can't really discuss that program, which as far as I know is still classified.
Properly in what sense?
I suppose first legally and second ethically.
As far -- in collection of information?
Yes.
The person on the top was back against where?
It was the same person that was on top whether they were T- shaped to the sidewalk.
Martin, what a dramatic day today and if to date we felt that perhaps the state was beginning to win the argument, today very much a better day you would say for the defense?
Absolutely and ironically, Piers, the witnesses were supposed to be on the stand for the state, but it appears the testimony they gave very much benefits the defense.
In terms of describing the individuals, are you able to describe their faces or anything, or just clothing descriptions?
Well, going back to when they were vertical, I could tell the person on the bottom had a lighter skin color, correct.
What you saw was the person on top in an MMA-style straddle position, correct?
Correct.
That was further described, was it not, as being ground and pound?
Correct.
That it's more likely to have been the guy that's been training in that very form of martial arts?
Well, that is certainly the way the prosecution wanted to end the day and they were able to do that by talking to a physician's assistant, George Zimmerman's physician's assistant, who said on his medical records that he had listed, he had been keeping fit by doing training.
So the basic point is if everybody is contradicting each other and even themselves in various testimony that they've given in depositions, is that enough for reasonable doubt?
Right.
Put it all together, what are you thinking?
I think he was a strong witness and a good witness for the defense, even though he was put on as a prosecution witness.
Before you leave me, one word, is he going to be found guilty or not, George Zimmerman?
I don't think you can tell at this point.
Was that the context in which that happened?
Yes.
Would you go along with that?
No, I really wouldn't.
Do you know if Trayvon Martin ever trained for MMA style martial arts himself?
I can't -- I can't confirm that or deny that at this time, but I think what is important here is they have put forth that and I think Mr. Good's testimony is real important.
Is there a racial element to this that you're now concerned about, in the sense that were they just not engaged with a young black girl giving evidence in the same way that they were engaged, apparently, with a eloquent, middle-class white man?
Piers, I'd have to respectfully disagree.
Did you speak to her at all?
I sometimes talked to her, but not -- nothing serious.
When she gave evidence, what was your reaction to the criticism and support she received?
I was shocked.
When she talked about, you know, creepy ass crackers and that kind of thing, did you think she was using terms that are racist or just terms that young people use these days in the era that she comes from?
Well, you know, we go to Norland that's how we talk.
Is it in terms of your experience, is it a racist term against white people?
I'm not racist because I'm from England but that's just how people in Florida describe white people, that's what I know.
Did you know Trayvon Martin at all?
AKANLU: No, he -- I just know he went to my middle school, but I never seen him before.
Are you unable to read that at all?
Some of it I do not.
Can you read any of the words on it?
I don't understand cursive.
Were you surprised she couldn't read her own letter?
No.
In terms of the reaction that Rachel has had, a lot of very nasty criticism has come her way as somebody that knew her, not that well but you knew her, what do you feel about that, that this young woman has been put through so much real attack from many quarters?
It's sad.
Is that how you're seeing this?
Well, certainly that's going to be the bottom line in their reviewing each one on these witnesses that comes forth is that they're going to rely upon their own life experiences, and I think what was interesting about Rachel is that for many of these people, the jurors, they may have needed a cultural anthropologist to explain some of her responses but that's not going to happen.
What do you think?
I certainly agree that the defense had a great day today.
Yes, Jo-Ellan?
I have a question for the legal analysts on the panel and that is, there's obviously focus on what happened during the -- during the fight.
Judge Alex?
That's a great point.
You described him as a creepy ass cracker?
Yes.
So it was racial, but it was because Trayvon Martin put race in this?
No.
You don't think that's a racial comment?
No.
Sherri, is it about race, this trial?
I think -- well let me talk about the representation of Rachel Jeantel because I think that's important and a lot of that is wrapped up in a lot of the racism, classism, sexism and just a lot of the lookism that's deeply rooted in this country.
But is it impossible to eliminate race from this?
Absolutely.
When you see the reaction, putting that to one side, what kind of impact would it have on the legality of the court process itself do you think?
Well, I do think that it would have an impact on the jury, how she comes across on the witness stand, and it may be that some people who are on the jury are not understanding some of the issues of race and class that -- that have been brought up by the guests and -- but I might add that, you know, we do have this image of Oprah Winfrey who has been at some point large and African American and female and she's been one of the most loved persons in our country if not the world.
What is your take on it all?
Yes, I think you're absolutely right.
Could we at any moment be sprung that as a huge surprise?
You could, and I will never say it won't happen, but I would be very surprised, and in constantly talking with those, it's unlikely he'd take the stand.
Did you notice anything to bring to the jury's attention today, that caused you that concern, that spidey sense that something's going wrong with what he's telling you?
Nothing I can articulate, no, sir.
Do you think given what happened today, Martin, that there's any likelihood George Zimmerman himself will give evidence now?
I would say it'd be highly unlikely.
How much of that could be covered, and I stress could be, by the fact that they were criticized so widely for not taking, A, action in terms of charging Zimmerman on the night of this incident, in other words, basically, covering their own position?
Well, I mean, it's a legitimate question to ask.
Why would he feign total lack of knowledge when there's just three street names?
Well, I think that's very telling because the biggest -- the biggest I think piece of evidence against George Zimmerman is his own words to the -- to the nonemergency officer, where he said that Trayvon -- he goes oh, S, he's running, and he gets out of his car.
What did you make of it in totality?
Well, in totality, Piers, you know, I was on your show just the other day, and I was telling you how it looked like.
The fact that George Zimmerman said to you, thank god, I hope somebody did videotape the event or the whole event, what -- his statement, what did that indicate to you?
Either he was telling the truth or he was a complete pathological liar.
You think he was telling the truth?
Yes.
In other words, this is really corroborating their own positions?
That -- obviously not the least bit naive.
Very -- yes?
There is one more thing.
Do you think that she will be called back at this stage?
Absolutely not.
Particularly the charge, I guess, that lays itself at your door that she was somehow underprepared or underrehearsed?
Well, as you know, Piers, you and I spoke, and I became Rachel's lawyer last week, and that was by request of some individuals that attend church with her, that are former law enforcement officers that believed that she was not really prepared to go to Sanford and testify in the case, that she had absolutely no clue as to what was getting ready to take place.
When you heard her say that, did you think that was a mistake, that it was obviously a racist comment or a very offensive comment?
Well, unfortunately, that is the vernacular of young teenagers these days.
How did you think his testimony went down today?
Well, Chris is a straight shooter.
And because they both come out today and give extensive testimony, saying, yes, we found him very credible, and consistent and so on, that lends sucker to why they didn't do anything?
I would disagree because if you look at the situation, they're not the ones that make the charging decision.
Do you know yet what happened here to cause such a calamitous loss of life?
Well, don't really actually know.
In all your time as a governor, have you had to deal with anything that's hit you quite as hard as this in the state?
No, I don't believe so.
And these firemen, these Hotshots, to lose so many in one incident like this, a terrible blow for you?
Yes, it's an absolutely horrible situation, a tragic for all of us.
In terms of the investigation into what happened, do you have any more insight into how they found themselves in such an awful situation?
No, at this point the fire is still under investigation.
Is that making it a lot worse than a fire like this normally would be at this time of year?
Yes, the temperatures actually in Prescott are reaching 102 degrees down in the valley where Yarnell is.
Tell me about him, what kind of man was he?
He was the best kind.
Do you have any inkling yourself as to how so many of them have lost their lives in this situation?
That's not something that I could really comment on.
NIDENTIFIED MALE: How are you feeling, Nik?
Good.
What was your reaction when you heard about this poor woman and her death?
Well, of course, deeply saddened and my condolences go out to her and her entire family, as well as the Cirque du Soleil family.
You were just one trip away, aren't you, from calamity?
It's -- it is true.
Do you know a person by the name of George Zimmerman?
Very well.
And would you consider him a very good friend?
Best friend I've ever had.
In your opinion, calling somebody in reference to them as -- pardon my language -- (EXPLETIVE DELETED) punks?
That is ill will and spite.
It is?
Yes.
What is your overview of how today went?
Well, exactly right.
Are those consistent with striking somebody?
Yes.
The only injuries, as a matter of fact, you saw is the gunshot wound, two injuries on his knuckles, correct?
Correct.
Any other injuries on Trayvon Martin at all?
No.
Any bruising injury?
No.
Any laceration injuries?
No.
You just put gun?
Correct.
And very quickly, Martin, what can we expect tomorrow?
Tomorrow, I think we're probably going to hear from the person who actually did the autopsy.
Marc Lamont Hill, it's very, very difficult to assess this case, despite everybody's efforts to try and say it's not about race without bringing the race element into it, isn't it?
Oh, absolutely.
To suggest that he is a racial profiler?
You know, I think those are two different things.
He's been called a suspect even through the attorneys in the courtroom?
I think that he would have, Piers, and the reason that I say that is based on who George Zimmerman is.
-- for ignoring the advice he was given, getting out of the vehicle, following Trayvon Martin, and then getting into some altercation, pulling out a gun and killing him in cold blood?
I'll tell you what.
Whether it's murder or not, doesn't there have to be some accountability?
Piers, Piers, I'll show you why.
Should he not have had a gun?
Against police orders.
Really?
-- that it was self-defense.
Really they're making a case?
The fact of the matter, though, is -- well, let me finish -- let me -- let me finish the thought before you disagree with it.
You want to talk about the law or morals?
No.
What is your take on the Zimmerman-Trayvon court action we're seeing?
I think it's a race case without question.
Well, how do I see it playing out?
Yes.
That proves murder?
Yes.
What about the possibility (INAUDIBLE) they could convict or a lesser charge?
Well, I think if a jury concluded that his so-called belief in the need to use deadly force was unreasonable, then, yes, so you get to manslaughter.
How much of an impact will that have potentially, as we saw in the O.J. case where many people believe there was a miscarriage of justice there, could we see a similar situation here?
It's hard to say, and I've actually given some thought to that issue.
What are your thoughts on him today and what's happened to him?
When the trial ended and when I wrote a book about the trial called "In Contempt," on the back cover I wrote this little thing, and I said that we all get ours in the end, you know.
When you were in court today, what were you feelings?
Well, first of all, I was not in court today.
I don't mean that in the sense of he's an innocent -- a guilty man made innocent, but will he get away with the fact that he did kill somebody without any punishment in the end?
Well, I don't know that, Piers.
Was that a mistake, do you think?
In my opinion, it was a horrendous mistake.
How helpful or unhelpful was the testimony of Rachel Jeantel, Trayvon Martin's friend?
You know, Piers, I've been asked that several times, the last several days.
Have you had death threats, you and your family?
Of course, hundreds.
What is your reaction to the performance of that young black woman in a very difficult situation that she didn't really want to be in?
You know, I'm glad that you pointed out that this is a young woman who was in a difficult situation, that she didn't want to be in.
You haven update, I think, for me on this?
Yes, Piers, I'm really pleased to tell you that the Oakland County Police Department did in fact arrest and has now arraigned Bobby Lee Taylor, he was a 42-year-old Pontiac man.
How are you all coping collectively?
Well, I'm glad you asked that.
How would you like -- how would you like him most to be remembered, Claire?
I would like him most to be remembered as a hero, as a Granite Mountain Hotshot.
And that's all someone would need to do to fire a shot, if it was fully loaded?
Yes.
Do you know whose blood that was?
I just got a partial DNA profile and that matched Trayvon Martin.
The DNA you developed from the pistol grip of the defendant's gun, it was positive for blood, correct?
Yes.
And then there was a mixture, the major matched the defendant, George Zimmerman?
Yes.
And you were able to exclude Trayvon Martin as having DNA on the pistol grip, is that correct?
Yes, Trayvon Martin was excluded as being a possible contributor to this mixture on the grip.
Where are we left then in terms of George Zimmerman's claim that his life was at risk?
Yes, well, you know, we should point out, of course, that the jury here, most of them came in with a very limited knowledge of this case.
They're going into a weekend, 48 hours for that jury to think about it before the defense really get a chance to come back?
Yes.
Is that the case?
Well, you know, there has to be a voice identification of that screams.
How do you feel as you approach the end of the prosecution?
I disagree with that.
How significant was that moment in court do you think today?
I think it's very significant because we also heard evidence there was no George Zimmerman DNA on Trayvon's hands or under his fingernails or on the cuffs of his sleeve.
Is there any merit to that argument?
I think there is no merit to that because we've heard all these theories that the star witness of this case would be Jon Good or Rachel Jeantel, when all along George Zimmerman has given at least five statements.
What is the answer to that question, do you think?
Well, let me give you the background.
Do you consider yourself a fair person?
Yes.
Would that be true?
That would be true.
Well, let me ask you something, while we're talking here, you're a professional but most people who would not be a professional, if I'm asking you questions that are on television, would you think you'd be a little bit nervous?
I mean, I wouldn't be, but I understand that having interviewed many, many people that most people are quite nervous.
And as quite nervous, do you think people interpret somebody's being nervous as perhaps not being truthful?
Or being overly defensive.
And for that reason, there is nothing to gain by putting Zimmerman on the stand given we already have five different effective statements from him?
So I would first make sure that every one of the jurors understood that the decision to take the stand is going to be my decision, and the reasons why I wouldn't have somebody take the stand, just being nervous, perhaps that alone would make you think maybe he's not being truthful.
Is there anything to be gained, Robert, by Zimmerman taking the stand given the amount of material from his own mouth that we've already heard?
Yes.
What is that?
The jury can see him, look him in the eye, and that's the best way to make a determination if you're believing that person was actually in fear for his life.
Could that be a tipping point for them to say, we've got to have George up there?
HAPIRO: You know, it is so hard to evaluate.
Right, because you can't win a cross-examination of a grieving mother, right?
Or of any relative of a victim.
Well, have they overcharged to start with?
I think they have overcharged.
Isn't that intent there to think badly of this person?
Well, malice is a legal term.
Isn't that ill will?
I think it possibly could be interpreted by people as ill will, but it -- again, you have the reasonable doubt standard that you have to get over.
That is what with racial profiling or just profiling of this is a bad person, he's still coming at him with malicious intent, isn't he?
I don't know but that's going to be the question.
Is that a key question?
That is a key question and that's what the lawyers are going to be arguing in their closing argument and that's what the jury is going to be sitting on and deciding.
Do you believe him?
I haven't heard him testify directly --
From what you've seen in the statements and the interviews?
Yes.
Do you feel that it's as a motive, as, say, the O.J. Simpson case?
You know, I don't want to compare anything to the Simpson case and I don't really talk about the Simpson case.
Is it just not an excuse for almost every gang banger thug in America to say hey, I was just acting in self-defense?
You know, we're going to see the opposite side of that in the Oscar Pistorius case where in South Africa you cannot use deadly force unless deadly force is being used upon you.
How significant could that be in tipping the scales back in the favor of the prosecution case?
I think it can be significant in the sense that it's going to be very emotional testimony.
So it really is all or nothing for George Zimmerman, isn't it?
If it is enhanced the way I think it will be, they could win the battle and lose the war, absolutely.
Would you put him on the stand, particularly if the Trayvon family members' testimony is heart rendering and you sense the jury had been moved by him?
Honestly, Piers, I just don't see any percentage in that.
What do you think that will be?
If I was looking at it from a pure legal standpoint, I would say an acquittal.
You don't have to wait until you are almost dead before you can defend yourself?
No.
Doesn't there have to be accountability for that?
Not necessarily in the criminal justice system.
There has to be some form of justice for Trayvon Martin, doesn't it?
Absolutely.
That is a different ball game, just as even in a civil action, right?
Absolutely.
Who is in charge?
They are very much the strongest institution in the country and they laid down the law 48 hours ago to Mohamed Morsy and the opposition saying, that if you don't get your act together, you're out and we're in, and what happened was last night we heard a speech from Mohamed Morsy who, as he made it clear, that he wasn't going to give in to their ultimatum.
But where does it leave democracy in Egypt, the democracy that everyone celebrated with the Arab spring now looks to be in taters?
Well, that's a good question.
Samantha, how bad is it going to be?
It's already been pretty bad today across much of the Deep South, Piers.
And you said that you heard the tape several times, is that mainly listening to it on TV?
Yes.
How significant is this late breaking decision to allow Trayvon Martin's toxicology report including his cannabis use to be made available to the court?
'MARA: Well, good evening, Piers.
We don't know, for example, whether he had taken cannabis, do we?
No, we don't.
Did you ever instruct your attorney, Ben Crump -- you didn't have Ben Crump when you listened to tape on the 27th or the 28th, did you?
No.
He was not your attorney at that point?
No, he wasn't.
Did you instruct your lawyer to say that?
I never instructed anyone to say anything.
You never instructed Ben Crump to say the police had lied about that?
I never instructed anyone to say anything.
Did you instruct your lawyer Ben Crump to say that the audio has since been cleared up and now you can hear it better?
No, I didn't.
Is it really effective for you and the defense to go after a man in that position?
I think you have to be very careful and very sensitive to the loss that a grieving family is going through.
Which way is he running?
Down toward the other entrance to the neighborhood.
Which entrance is that that he's heading towards?
The back entrance.
Are you following him?
Yes.
In his head, he is looking at Trayvon Martin and thinking bad things about him, isn't he, indisputably?
A couple of things.
Where do you see the last few days of this case going now, Mark, and in particular, the big question, I guess, will you put George Zimmerman on the stand?
Well, I've been asked that a lot, and I -- I have to wait until I convinced myself that the state has proven their case beyond a reasonable doubt before we would consider ever putting George Zimmerman on the stand.
How concerned are you about that and about the safety of your client should he be declared an innocent man?
Well, first of all, my client will never be safe because there are a percentage of the population who are angry, they're upset and they may well take it out on him.
Mr. Martin, even at this time, is it hard for you to believe that your son is not longer living?
It's very difficult to believe that Trayvon's not living.
What is your response to that decision?
Well, number one, I think the law had to be followed and the judge had to allow it in.
Is it likely that your partner Ben Crump will give evidence?
Well, you know, yesterday I took Ben's deposition.
Why should we -- well, is it, though?
Yes.
Because if it was definitive proof that it was one or the other, that is the case right there?
Absolutely.
But do you agree with it?
No, I don't.
And what did he progress to as a boxer?
Well, he never got off of learning how to punch so not very far.
Yes or no?
No, they -- they created a terrible problem for themselves by overcharging second-degree murder.
What will the repercussions be of this, whatever happens with the verdict?
Well, Oliver Wendell Holmes once said that hard cases make bad law.
Why didn't he just announce who he was?
He should have.
Alan?
Not guilty of second-degree murder.
Judge Alex?
I think not guilty of second-degree murder, and I think that if they reject self-defense, he gets a manslaughter.
Jayne?
Not guilty.
Obviously, although race, everyone's trying to exclude it from this case, it's been hanging there as an overbearing presence, hasn't it?
It has been hanging there and it's been there since the beginning.
What is your view of how they should react if that eventuality happens?
Well, certainly I think you're correct that many in the black community as well as throughout the country are very upset by what has trans transpired, particularly because this is a murder case.
And he's profiling, isn't he?
Well, I think it's clearly profiling, the question is, what was the basis for the profile.
Why was this plane traveling so, as it turned out, fatally slowly?
Now, that's the $64,000 question.
And if they did, could it be malfunction by the plane?
Well, that's still possible and sometimes these investigations take some strange turns as they go down the line but right now clearly all the focus is on the performance of the crew and investigators can't say pilot error.
And does the public have a right to know before they board a plane exactly who will be at the wheel and how much experience they've had?
AGER: Well, I suppose you could say that, that the public has a right to know it.
Is there anything other than the fact that it was a tragic accident that couldn't have been avoided?
That would be a horrible tragedy and the coroner said he isn't going to release the full autopsy reports for a couple of weeks anyway.
Is this injury consistent with Mr. Zimmerman's head having impacted a sidewalk?
Yes, sir.
Is the injury you see in this exhibit consistent with having been punched in the nose?
Yes, sir.
Now, Doctor, you're not saying -- you're not testifying here as to who started what led up to the death of Trayvon Martin?
That's correct, sir.
You can't say into that, correct?
That's correct, sir.
In fact, you can't testify as to who threw the first punch?
I MAIO: That's correct, sir.
In fact, you can't really testify whether there was a first punch thrown?
That's correct, sir.
What happens next procedurally in the trial?
This is the nitty-gritty.
Do we think we can go all the way?
Ashleigh Banfield, thank you very much, indeed.
What is going on, do you think?
Well, this is an epic battle and at its heart, Piers, is whether or not they're going to put the dead, young man, the victim on trial here, and the defense wants to take text messages and Facebook posts that make Trayvon Martin look bad, that indicate that maybe he was talking about fighting or talking about firearms.
But how significant do you think was her testimony?
Well, she's an African-American lady who testified via Skype and I think the unspoken message from the defense was look, George Zimmerman has an African-American neighbor with whom he is friendly.
Well, Judge Alex, this is getting down to the real nitty-gritty now, isn't it?
Yes.
This animation video, I mean, it's pure propaganda, isn't it?
Sure.
Take it in totality, what did you think of it?
I thought it was devastating.
Right?
Exactly.
Is that not the big question because to win a successful self-defense argument, doesn't George Zimmerman have to establish in the jury's eyes that he was attacked first?
That's a good way to start because if you're the attacker then obviously you have a lot more to do in order to be able to claim self-defense.
Is that all that matters in the end?
At the end, that's all that matters.
As we approach the absolute final moments now of the defense case, what is your thought about where this case is going?
Well, I don't think that the state has proven a case of second-degree murder or, frankly, even come close to it.
I'm sorry, of the defendant, I apologize, where he's got blood there, right?
Right.
I put a hand over that, right?
OK.
What do you expect my hand to have on it?
Blood.
Why would there be no DNA whatsoever on Trayvon Martin that related to the gun or to George Zimmerman?
Well, I have no problem with there being no DNA from a gun because it was handled and probably not handled the best way.
It just doesn't really fly, is it?
Well, all you have is the evidence that you have.
But in the end, you are still left, aren't you, with unanswered questions, and the big question for me and I think many people is, if there are so many unanswered questions, will the jury be able to let him just walk free?
I don't -- he's cutting out.
Was there any conversation with law enforcement before that as to how to accomplish or finding the tapes for these witnesses before it happened?
At that point they weren't witnesses, they were parents.
The mayor just decided on your own as to how they would be played?
The decision was made to make them public.
I mean, it was a curious set of events, wasn't it, after Trayvon Martin died?
Absolutely and I think part of it was a political response to, you know, what was beginning to be civic unrest.
Shawn Holley, I mean, have politics taken over from law enforcement here?
Well, if so, it really was just a response to what -- how this whole thing started.
And we assume that he was stunned, if that is all right, was he justified given he's legally allowed to carry a firearm, and he's stunned, he's incoherent, is he justified in self-defense in using that weapons?
Let me first say that I don't concede that that hypothetical is not also counter functional.
What will the ramifications be of this case, do you think?
Well, I don't know that there will be any ramifications.
We wouldn't be having this conversation, would we?
Well, I don't know.
And you know, all those times the two of you asked me why I'm a Republican as if that's something that needs an explanation?
I don't know what the hell --
What have you learned about perhaps the difficulties of the job that I do and other news anchors do from doing now two seasons of "Newsroom"?
Well, having to do all the homework on -- like for the Zimmerman trial, like you just did, I mean, you really have to become an expert on whatever the issue is of the day.
Because it has in a strange way, it's gripped many Americans, others think, you know, that the networks are going to be gone this and in the end it's just another murder case or many other in America every day, but I think it says more about America, but what do you think?
I agree.
What about self-defense, guns, the right of an American to carry one in the first place in that situation and to use it, and potentially he may well walk away a freeman?
Yes, well, I'm one of the guys that goes back to the Second Amendment and just goes, you know what, it was a different time and now we're into the Sandy Hooks and the -- you know, all of that and whatever happened between George Zimmerman and Trayvon Martin that night, only they know.
How does America come through this and be better?
I -- well, I think it's at the voting booth.
One of the big story lines coming up that you think will resonate most?
I think Aaron did a really great job of -- in season one.
Well, after I threw the tantrum?
Yes.
After that?
Please tell me you threw a tantrum.
How did you feel as an actor in that situation after putting all that work in?
ANIELS: I go back to "Purple Rose in Cairo" with Woody Allen.
What was your reaction when you heard that he died at 51?
I couldn't believe it.
did you now have sufficient time to discuss with your attorneys whether or not you wanted to testify in this case?
Yes, ma'am.
And I don't need to know what was said, but after those discussions, have you made a decision?
Yes, ma'am.
And what is your decision, sir?
After consulting with counsel, not to testify, Your Honor.
If this person, this mannequin, were carrying a firearm on their waist, where would the gun be right now in relation to me?
Would be at your left inner thigh.
Right here, right?
Yes, if he was right-handed it would be at your left inner thigh.
Right, underneath my leg?
Yes, inside your leg.
Were you aware of that?
No, I haven't heard that.
Where would the gun be now?
Now the gun would be behind your left leg.
Have you made a decision, sir, as to whether or not you want to testify in your case?
Your honor, I object to that question.
Do you have made a decision as to whether or not you want to testify in your case?
I object to that question, I think that's --
If your attorneys have finished with two witnesses before the end of the day, do you think that you would then know whether or not you want to testify?
I'll -- on Mr. Zimmerman's behalf this --
And quickly, Martin, what do we expect tomorrow and more importantly, can we expect the jury to go out as soon as Friday, perhaps?
Yes, we can.
Do you feel confident you've proven a case collectively that Trayvon Martin was murdered?
Piers, you're right and I'm glad to be free from being sequestered so I can now talk about the case and I've been catching up throughout the day looking at different clips after it was determined they -- the defense was not going to call me to testify.
And so we can never get beyond Trayvon Martin just walking home and a strange man chasing him, doesn't Trayvon Martin have the right to self-defense?
But here's the problem, Ben Crump, is that many people will have absolute sympathy with what you're saying, but at the same time you say chase the evidence.
Regardless of that, you are now left with the jury that believed Trayvon was on top and they are more likely, are they not, to assume that the voice crying out for help is the person underneath?
Piers, it has always been our contention that there was some struggle and if Trayvon defended himself against a strange man who confronted him, he had every right to do so.
Could you see a situation where George Zimmerman is convicted of one of those lesser charges, and would that be satisfactory if you couldn't get a murder charge against him?
Well, what's satisfactory is what the jury decides in this case.
What are you detecting if you can from the mood of this jury right now?
Well, today was fascinating, Piers.
And what did you tell them?
I told them absolutely, it's my son, George.
Is that an opinion that you still have through today?
Certainly.
I mean, Judge Hatchett, you know, that is a view many people have and also they say to me, look, what about Trayvon Martin's right to defend himself?
Correct.
Wasn't he engaged in a form of self-defense himself and where does his right to do that supersede George Zimmerman who's got a gun?
Right, I tell you, I -- Tom has just articulated so perfectly.
Why -- why are you so aggressively ante that statement?
I'll tell you why.
What else is he doing to Trayvon Martin but profiling him as a bad guy that needs to be dealt with?
OBBINS: Yes, I think that's absolutely right.
Based upon your training experience and knowing what you knew about the facts surrounding the event that night, particularly at the moment of the gunshot, did Mr. Zimmerman have any other options?
OOT: Based on my knowledge and understanding of him, the environment, the situation, the totality of everything, I don't believe he did.
What do you think the rational is behind what many view as a very surprising decision by him to say I had nothing to do with this?
I think this is a formal aspect of a criminal case.
You know?
Let me ask you, David Webb, I mean, people like Bill O'Reilly have made the point, look, you know, there are -- in Chicago over the long holiday weekend, nearly 70 people were shot, many of them young black youths shooting each other, and it barely resonates on the national stage, yet here we are gripped by the Zimmerman- Trayvon Martin case.
Why is the balance so skewed toward this case and not to 70 shot in Chicago?
Or to Trevor Dooley who by the way is a black man who used Florida's Stand Your Ground law to defend himself when he shot a white man and this case is also down in Florida.
What matters is did George Zimmerman think I'm going to die?
Right.
I mean, we don't actually know, do we?
Right.
Do you?
Well, here are the inconsistencies with that story.
Where has anybody directly contradicted evidentially something material and important that George Zimmerman has said?
Well, this is -- and here --
Does that make sense?
That's --
Final question, what do you think they're going to do?
I have no idea.
David?
I think the prosecution has not made the case for second- degree murder.
How about manslaughter or aggravated assault?
Possibly down and depends on the instructions but they have not made the case beyond a reasonable doubt.
What do you make of this trial?
Well, you know, I look at it first as a lawyer and the legal issues I think have been articulated pretty well on many of your programs.
I mean, here's the question I think that, you know, someone just raised to me during the break there, which is that if George Zimmerman hadn't had the gun on him, would he have felt empowered or courageous enough to have got out of his vehicle and to have started walking in the direction of this tall young black teenager?
Right.
I mean, the thing is a total farce, isn't it?
Well, it doesn't make a lot of sense to me.
How important do you think will be the fact that the jury is entirely female and five of them are mothers?
UROW: You know, the classic learning on this, I think that the prosecution is hoping that they see Trayvon as their child, and they may.
If we -- if we got to the last page of a book you'd written about this case, Scott, would you have guilty or not guilty?
I don't think Mr. Zimmerman is going to be convicted.
How do you feel the day went?
I think the day was very strong, and Piers, I think you pointed out right the inconsistencies Bernie used that to show that this jury should not believe anything that he says and that at the end of the day Trayvon Martin did nothing to cause his own death.
What was the purpose of that because it got rejected?
Well, as I heard, they were attempting to use that with the possibility that there was a lesser part of that involved child abuse that would have in essence given them a third bite at the apple in a situation.
Jeffrey, where are we?
I thought it was a really good opening of the summation.
But do you think that manslaughter is a more likely verdict here given all you've heard?
Definitely, and in most states, any reasonable view of the evidence that would support manslaughter would -- it would be given anyhow.
Do you think generally the defense has done a better job than the prosecution from a legal point of view?
I think they've both done a good job but I think the defense has done a superb job and they've had a good no nonsense judge whom I -- kind of like the way I think I was when I was on the bench, you know.
Would you be annoyed by Don West and the way he's gone about his business or is that just far from the court?
It's so standard.
Going to be trying it up, right?
Well, it's just -- I mean, it was unfair surprise.
Now you see, that is all indisputably true, isn't it?
No question.
And from your eyes, Judge Leslie, what is the crucial part of the narrative that could determine whether George Zimmerman is found guilty or not guilty?
The crucial part is whether the state can actually disprove beyond a reasonable doubt that George Zimmerman acted in self-defense.
What else is he doing?
Well, remember, he is a neighborhood patrol officer.
How did you think when they finished that Bernie de la Rionda did?
Well, I didn't get to see all of it.
Invoking Martin Luther King there, a good strategy or not to bring race front and center into this trial when people have been perhaps tactfully trying to avoid that?
Well, you know, Piers, everybody has tried to tiptoe around about this.
I mean, do you think there should have been any other options that can be presented to them or is that a satisfactory choice?
I think that is the choice and what you have to understand, and once again there have been some analysts that don't understand Florida law and even some from Florida don't know it that we have lesser included offenses under Florida law in different categories.
It was always going to be on the table?
It's not even nonsense.
What do you think the rationale is behind what many view as a very surprising decision by him to say I had nothing to do with this?
Oh, I think this is a formal aspect of a criminal case.
Why is the balance so skewed towards this case and not to 70 shot in Chicago?
Or to Trevor Dooley (ph) who by the way is a black man who was (inaudible) stand your ground law to defend himself when he shot a white man.
What matters is did George Zimmerman think I'm going to die?
Right.
I mean, we don't actually know, do we?
Right.
Do you?
Well, to hear the inconsistencies with that story, right, in order for you to believe what George Zimmerman is saying, you have to believe that he did not unholster or reveal that weapon until the moment right before he shot Trayvon.
...something material and important that George Zimmerman has said?
Well, this is -- well, here, the...
David?
I -- I think the prosecution has not made the case for second-degree -- second-degree murder...
What do you make of this trial?
Well, you know, I look at it first a lawyer and the legal issues I think have been articulated pretty well on many of your programs.
I mean, here's -- here's a question I think that, you know, someone just raised to me during the break now, which is that if George Zimmerman hadn't had the gun on him, would he have felt empowered or courageous enough to have got out of his vehicle and to have started walking in the direction of this tall young black teenager?
Right.
I mean, the thing is a total farce, isn't it?
Well, it -- it doesn't make a lot of sense to me.
How important do you think will be the fact that the jury is entirely female and five of them are mothers?
You know, the -- the classic learning on this, I think that the prosecution is hoping that they see Trayvon as -- as their child.
If we -- if we go to the last page of a book you had written about this case, Scott, would you have guilty or not guilty?
I -- I don't think Mr. Zimmerman is going to be convicted.
What do you make out jury so far out three and a bit hours asking for a lot of documentation, clearly prepared to go through a lot of evidence, it would seem?
Well, Piers, what I think is going on is they are looking the evidence and we've always believed if they looked at the evidence, that they will hold George Zimmerman accountable for killing an unarmed teenager.
Because it was clearly trying to create an impression to the jury that Trayvon Martin wasn't just a kid, he was a quite strapping teenager?
Well, what is interesting about that, Piers, it was extremely emotional, especially for Trayvon's mother.
But isn't that exactly what George Zimmerman did that night when he profiled and made assumptions about Trayvon Martin and was wrong and, unfortunately, Trayvon had to pay with his life?
There was a moment Mark O'Mara turned his attention to you personally.
Do you think George Zimmerman would have even been charged had Ben Crump not been pulled into this?
No, Ben Crump or someone like him, because had Ben Crump not gotten involved in the case, maybe for some good reasons to begin with.
Ben Crump, your reaction to that?
Well, Piers, you know, they seem to forget that Trayvon Martin was a dead, unarmed kid on the ground who his client profiled, followed, pursued, and shot in the heart.
Do you agree with that?
I will say it like this.
If Trayvon Martin was in the car and profiled and followed and pursued George Zimmerman and killed him, what would the verdict be?
Ben Crump, always good to talk to you.
When you hear Ben Crump talked like that, it's very hard to see how this jury can basically say to George Zimmerman, I think, off you go?
Oh, I don't know.
Marc Lamont Hill, do you agree with that?
Yes, I think they're going to be focused on facts, obviously, their own biases, their own interpretations and their emotions are going to weigh into that.
Just any human level, isn't that going to be incredibly powerful with an all-female, mother- related jury?
It's going to be powerful.
What do you think?
Well, I take issues with one of the points that Mr. Crump made.
Is this a fuss?
Well, I will tell you -- one of the things I think come from this very tragic situation and I think regardless of where people sort out of what will happen, I think that we all agree that there is a tragedy this 17-year-old lost his life.
I look at what's happened with gun control in America, where absolutely zero happened after Sandy Hook and Aurora, why should I have confidence anything will change?
Personally, I think stand your ground is a terrible, terrible law.
It's a license to kill people, isn't it?
I think it's an awful law.
What is that, when a grown man frustrated, angry with hate in his heart gets out of his car with a loaded gun and follows a child, a stranger in the dark, and shoots him through his heart?
He's not guilty of anything but protecting his own life.
Six women, five mothers, five white mothers, women, what difference will that make do you think to the dynamic in that jury room, if anything?
Well, I think it will make a difference -- if you look at your show over the past couple weeks, when you've had multiple women on, that have disagreement about particular topic, you can see how animated they get.
I'm also sure -- although they won't be aware of the huge attention the trial is getting on television -- they will be aware, I'm sure, before that this was potentially going to be a big story, wouldn't they?
Of course, they are.
Do you?
I know.
I thought it was interesting with the use of force expert who -- the prosecution was cross examining him, said if Zimmerman is being straddled by Trayvon Martin, how easy would it be for him to get the gun out of his waist belt?
Let me come to Jeff --
Jeff, the point you were going to make?
Well, the defense is that he got out of the car and then he was just assaulted.
Did you believe his story?
I actually did.
I mean, if he's been -- if he's been taught this, then to leave the car is beyond his training and you got to wonder, if those jurors are thinking what happened that he actually left that car to go after Trayvon?
OK.
Why did you believe that so strongly?
You take into consideration everything you learn about an individual.
Surely, there is another option than pulling out a gun and shooting him dead, isn't it?
The main concern that you have is everybody makes the presumption that it's just a 17-year-old kid walking home.
Judge Hatchett?
That's the problem.
What do you think?
I believe Zimmerman is guilty.
Charles Blow?
I think that to me is the most crucial point about what the public outcry was here.
So, my question is, can the jury be truly objective?
OK.
Daniel?
Thanks.
I'm around the same age as Trayvon, and would this case be different if it was me that night instead of him?
See, this is a great question --
Can I answer it?
No, you had your chance.
If Trayvon had been that young man, Daniel, would we be even debating this here?
We might be debating parts of it.
But you were not in Zimmerman's castle, right?
It doesn't matter.
It would make it all so much easier, wouldn't it?
Yes, it would.
Is that normally how these things work?
It can fluctuate.
Do you think it was a deliberate strategy?
I don't think so.
To say, how could this guy so out of shape, he could never win a fight?
I don't think -- a lot of people have said that to me.
What do you think is going to come back?
I have no idea.
What do you think is the fair result?
From what I've seen, it depends on how they take Zimmerman's test -- he didn't testify, but his statements that are in part of the evidence.
What do you personally think?
I believe that it is hard to buy his account of what happened, particularly and most importantly --
Judge Hatchett, very quickly, your verdict?
I think it's going to be manslaughter, and I think it will come early next week.
Judge Alex?
I think legally, it's an acquittal.
Marc?
If I were a juror, I would say not guilty based on what I seen.
Hi, how are you?
You're very famous now.
What do you say to that?
Yes.
In your heart, what do you believe happened?
He was trying to get home, and he was, and that's a fact.
And you know that because you were talking to him?
Yes, sir.
How often would you talk to Trayvon?
All day.
All day long?
Yes, all day.
ORGAN: What kind of guy was he?
He was a calm, chill, loving person.
What would you talk about?
Really, what we were going to be in life.
He was a good friend to you?
Yes.
A kind friend?
Yes.
Was he ever aggressive?
No.
Did you ever see him aggressive?
No.
Did he ever lose his temper?
No.
You mean the stuff on social media?
Yes.
Did he ever talk to you about guns?
No.
Did you ever see him with a gun?
No.
What about drugs?
Drugs.
Did he take a lot of weed?
No.
How much would you say?
Like twice a week.
Twice a week?
Yes.
Is that normal for teenagers in your community?
Yes.
You would do the same?
No, because I --
Do you think they understood the world that you and Trayvon come from?
No.
Don West gave you a very hard time, the defense attorney?
Don West.
What is your view of him?
I'm going to have to say, he -- like I'm a Christian.
Which is a dental condition for your teeth?
No, a bone.
You had to have surgery for it?
Yes, I had to have surgery to push it back, and right now I don't want to do it, because it will take a year to heal.
Have you been bullied for that before?
Look at me, no.
Is that how you felt?
It's not that I didn't want to be there, it's a lot of stress.
I was dealing with a lot of stress for 16 months, I think?
And you were grieving a friend.
Particularly the shocking fact that you were the last person he was talking to?
Shock.
Do you miss him?
Well, yes.
What did you make of her testimony?
I didn't think it was very credible.
What do you feel about what that juror said about you?
Angry.
What did that make you feel just seeing him?
I'm holding back.
When she used the phrase creepy ass cracker, what did you think of that?
NIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I thought it was probably the truth.
And did you see that as a negative statement or a racial statement as the defense suggested?
I don't think it's really racial.
What's your reaction to that?
Well, the juries, they see their fact.
Is that true?
No.
How do you spell it, first of all?
Cracker.
C-R-A-C-K-A?
Yes, and that's a person who act like they are police, who like (INAUDIBLE), who acting like, that's what I said to them.
And if George Zimmerman had done that, if he'd introduced himself as a neighborhood watch patrolman, even though he was off duty, if he'd done that, what would Trayvon have said to him, do you think?
No, I'm just trying to get home.
ORGAN: That was all he wanted to do?
Yes.
When you heard the tape of George Zimmerman saying that these A-holes, these f-ing punks they're always getting away with it, before he has the confrontation with Trayvon, what did you think was going through George Zimmerman's mind when he said that?
I'm finally going to get one, that night.
And be honest with me, Rachel, do you think that that was racially motivated or more a case of somebody he thought was a young thug, black or white?
It was racial.
Do you think it was just wrong that you had no black people on the jury at all?
No, not that.
Would Trayvon, if he had been attacked or had been confronted, and he was scared, would he have whooped ass, as you put it?
EANTEL: Whoop ass.
Would he have defended himself if he'd been in that position?
Yes, in my mind -- well, in reality, Trayvon, before his death, he thought I was still on the phone.
But you -- but you felt that there was no doubt in your mind from what Trayvon was telling you on the phone about the creepy ass cracka and so on, that he absolutely believed that George Zimmerman, this man, you didn't know who he was at the time, but this man, was pursuing him?
Yes.
And he was freaked out by it?
Yes.
What was your reaction when you realized what she'd done?
Look at the picture.
Do you feel that your testimony strongly impacted the case at all?
Yes.
In a negative way?
No.
Are you an honest person by nature?
Yes, well, now I'd be lying by saying that.
...in a serious trial?
Yes.
ORGAN: Well, what is your view of George Zimmerman?
Weak, scary, hiding from his father.
Why do you say that?
If you were a real man, you would have stand on that stage and tell what happened.
Give evidence, you mean?
Yes, I understand what Don's (ph) trying to say, oh, I switched it around.
So was there anything you wished you have said when you were in there?
Nigga.
Why?
People -- the whole world say it's a racist word.
What does that word mean to you?
That means a male.
A black male?
No, any kind of male.
Black or white?
Any kind -- Chinese could say nigga.
And that's what they mean?
They all say it.
Why?
Because that's the racist word.
And they have just different meanings in -- in your community?
No, in a generation...
To young people, you mean?
...not young people.
Did Trayvon have that in him?
No, no.
Do you think that she got an unfairly hard time in terms of the reaction to the evidence that she gave?
I believe she did.
So you don't think race played a role in this case?
I don't think it -- it did.
What did you make of it, Cheney?
I -- I couldn't hear your question so (ph)...
Did -- did you hear the interview I did with Rachel Jeantel, Trayvon Martin's friend just then?
Yes, I -- I saw a part of it.
I mean, do you think that justice has been done here?
Well, I -- I think that -- that she clearly had -- could have done a better job testifying if she had been properly prepared by the lawyers, given an opportunity to.
What -- what do you make of that?
Normal SOP.
And as racial suggested, how much was the jury's decision affected by the fact that they were effectively an all-white jury?
What -- what I know, Piers, is we don't know what somebody else thinks.
If she'd be more like that Rachel on the stand, could it have made a difference?
LOW: Yes, I think it could have made a difference.
Is it the law that's the problem?
The law is the problem because the aggressor can then claim self-defense if the situation changes.
Do you think Florida or any other states will be making changes or modifications to the current stand-your- ground law?
Jayne Weintraub, are we going to have a change to -- although stand-your-ground wasn't used in this case, it is prevalent in many states in America.
Jayne?
Our Constitution guarantees the defendant a jury of his peers -- not a victim, a jury of his peers.
What is your view of him?
I'm going to have to say he lucky I'm a Christian.
OOPER, HOST, CNN'S AC360: Because of the only -- the two options you had, second-degree murder or manslaughter, you felt neither applied?
Right.
Did he ever talk to you about guns?
No.
Did you ever see him with a gun?
No.
What did that make you feel to see him again?
I'll hold it back.
Would she had been more engaging to the jury and would she have told us more about the other side of Trayvon martin that I don't think we really heard in that case?
I'm not sure how she would have presented herself but certainly last night she was more engaging, more straightforward, more amiable, and I'm not sure why she started out with the attitude that she obviously did in the trial but certainly some of what she could have said was lost on the jury through the attitude.
If he did throw the first blow against George Zimmerman because he was scared, why should that be the criteria that George Zimmerman escaping any kind of punishment when he shoots him dead?
Sure.
Is that an area where the law could possibly be reviewed and possibly changed?
'MARA: Couple of answers.
Should he not when he was told we don't need you to do that, just turn around and go back in his car, and if he had done that or had he stayed in his car originally completely, do you accept that that would not have led to the catalyst of events that led to the shooting?
No question.
There was no doubt in your mind from what Trayvon was telling you on the phone about the creepy ass cracker and so on that he absolutely believed that George Zimmerman, this man you didn't know who he was at the time, this man was pursuing him?
Yes.
And he was freaked out by it?
Yes.
Why should he lose his life because some guy is following him, and he's freaked out by it?
Couple of reasonable reactions.
Did you feel like you understood the instructions from the judge because they were very complex?
That was our problem.
Are there changes to the self-defense law you think that we should now consider as a result of all this?
Traditional self-defense, no.
And do you think he'll ever be able to lead a normal life given all the mayhem that's erupted around this trial?
He'll never be able to just walk down the street and not worried who's going to hate him next.
What would you talk about?
Really, what we were going to be in life.
He was a good friend to you?
Yes.
A kind friend?
Yes.
Tom, what was it about that interview and Rachel that made you think she deserves my help here?
Well, it all started of course at the trial.
And then last night when I saw her on your show, you did a follow-up question that said what do you want to do in life?
Yes.
What do you feel about what that juror said about you?
Angry.
What are the lessons that we can learn from this trial, if any, going forward?
Well, I think that as to Rachel Jeantel, obviously, she need to be prepared as a witness, and she didn't get the kind of preparation that she needed.
Do you empathize with what they've had to endure?
Oh yes, definitely I do empathize with them for sure.
You think he racially profiled Trayvon Martin?
Definitely.
Do you stand by that decision that you took?
Oh, most definitely.
And what would you have done with George Zimmerman based on the evidence that you have heard from that trial?
Well, sorry, Lon, but I got to disagree with you on that uh -- I would have found him innocent on what they had -- what they had -- what the prosecution had given and it just seemed like everything was pretty shaky.
You mean like in jury deliberation?
I mean in your jury deliberations, yeah.
How many of your jury with OJ started off believing that he was guilty and changed their minds?
Probably ten people.
Really?
Yes.
Just how long were you sequestered?
Ten and a half months.
Could it be that they just ran out of energy and said let's just deal with this now?
Yeah, I think something was wrong with um -- I know they had asked the judge for some type of -- they had a question.
I'm good, man, how you be?
I'm taken aback about your suit.
The problem is the tie and the handkerchief because they are I believe which brand?
Nick Cannon.
What do you think about the verdict?
Uh, honestly I was disappointed in the verdict.
Do you think that Zimmerman racially profiled Trayvon Martin?
I-I-I do, I do.
(INAUDIBLE) going well?
Yes, it's on right now.
Surely not -- not with the great Howard Stern?
You are missed.
Why?
I was because you weren't doing her any favors by condescendingly trying to convince her that she's a victim.
Why would you say that?
I'll tell you why I said that, Piers.
Do you think she's stupid, Larry?
-- to black people.
Do you think she's stupid, Larry?
Racism is not a major problem in America anymore, Piers.
Do you think that Rachel Jeantel is stupid?
I think that I would rather have a George Zimmerman living in my neighborhood and maybe if George Zimmerman was living my neighborhood we'd have a few fewer Ariel Castros.
Could you just answer my question?
You treated George Zimmerman like he's some sort of criminal.
Trayvon Martin wasn't committing crimes in that neighborhood, was he?
It was an unfortunate incident.
Just out of interest, how many languages do you speak?
I don't speak Ebonics as well as Rachel, if that's what you mean.
And the relevance of that is what?
You don't think she's a smart cookie.
Do you know her educational background, Larry?
I know how she presented herself on the jury.
Larry, do you know her educational background or not?
People evaluate you the way -- based on the way you express yourself.
Why don't you hire her if she's so sharp as a co-host, Piers?
No, no.
Yes or no?
I know she came across on the jury.
Why are we even talking about this?
Because actually I think it's relevant.
Where are the cameras?
Larry.
Did she sound to you like somebody you want to hire in any kid of (INAUDIBLE)?
Her grades -- her grades has since slipped to two something because of the stress that she suffered understandably from the death of her friend Trayvon.
Did she fired the shot to try and kill him?
No, I think the facts in the case are clear.
Did she actually claim Stand Your Ground as a defense or self-defense?
Well, that's kind of a difficult question.
And in the trial it was self-defense because you'd already failed in the attempt to have Stand Your Ground as a defense?
Correct.
Alan Dershowitz, I mean, on the face of it, this is a total fast, isn't it?
Well, we know that there is tremendous disparity based on race in the entire criminal justice system, rates of arrests, rates of indictment, rates of conviction, rates of appellate reversal, rates of commutation, rates of release on parole.
What I was confused by there and if you can actually clear this up, but why would she refer to Stand Your Ground, given that that was not the defense that was actually put up?
Because that's -- that's been on television and that's in the mind of many people in Florida.
It would seem an absolutely perfect example of what that law is intended for?
Well, not only that.
What is it like in that room when you're deliberating when perhaps you don't all agree to start with about what the verdict should be?
It's intense.
How did you vote in that?
I voted for the death penalty.
And were you frustrated that more of your colleagues didn't?
Yes, there was definitely an element of frustration.
You weren't following it as closely, obviously, as they were, but from what you've seen and heard about it, what was your view of it?
LLEN-COOGAN: In my opinion, the verdict ended up -- this is really difficult because I wasn't there.
That is a failure of the prosecution, isn't it?
Well, there are rules that limit testimony to relevance and after all, Trayvon Martin was not on trial.
Do you think that either of those things were beneficial to what you went through compared to Zimmerman jurors or perhaps not so beneficial?
Well, definitely the lack of sequestration we would have lost some of our jurors if we had had to have been sequestered.
What is the difference really between, say, "The New York Times" or the "New York Post," putting that same picture on their cover as they did at the time, and "Rolling Stone" choosing to do it now with a much longer lead in with these kind of issues?
LUMACKI: I just think "Rolling Stone" is a different type of publication.
What is the difference between "TIME" magazine doing it when they do celebrities and serious issues and "Rolling Stones" do?
Well, and I actually don't think that "Rolling Stone" is entirely on the other side of the spectrum.
You read the piece, right?
I've read most of it.
What do you think of the whole Stand Your Ground debate that's raging now?
Well, it's a good debate to have and I'm not a fan at all of the Stand Your Ground laws.
Would you have prosecuted Zimmerman under second-degree murder or manslaughter or not at all?
Look, I think -- I've heard your segments with Alan Dershowitz, who -- old friend and colleague.
Do you like being the comeback kid?
Well, I would have preferred not to have needed to be a comeback kid, but that's --
Have they been policed properly in your view since the huge crash?
No.
What does that tell you about the American public's power of forgiveness?
Well, look, I don't read too much into polls.
Do you want to clarify that?
Look, I'll say only this.
How are they going to find closure given they see such injustice here?
I wouldn't say they are angry.
Do you think the prosecution dropped the ball in that regard and they should have had more people talking about the human being that Trayvon Martin was?
No, I won't criticize the prosecution.
What was your view of it?
I was not nearly as upset as many of the people in Boston are.
What is your view about the verdict?
Well, first, this case was not about race at all and what happened, you have the race hustlers and poverty pimps like Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton, and others who turned it into a race issue in order to gain power and wealth.
You really think George Zimmerman would have looked at a young white man in a hoodie and thought the same thing, that this guy is potential trouble?
Well, George Zimmerman would have done whatever it took to protect himself.
Everyone who smokes pot in America is a thug, are they?
Well, you know, there were pictures on his Facebook page of Trayvon Martin carrying -- having -- holding on to a gun, pot in front of him.
I mean, you're saying everyone in America that has ever taken cannabis or ever been pictured with a gun is a thug, is that your -- is that your conclusion?
Before they took his information off of his Facebook page, it was out there for everybody to see.
Where was the evidence that he was a dangerous thug?
He would -- he had been in trouble before.
What do you think about all this?
You know, I think that Trayvon Martin at the end of the day was a 16-year-old kid.
What would you like, if anything, for President Obama to do?
At least go through it with a fine-tooth comb and just make sure all the T's were crossed and all the I's were dotted because this is setting a terrible message -- it's sending out a terrible message to young teenagers.
What do you say to that?
Well, I certainly disagree with -- respectfully to -- with Reverend Peterson.
You guys -- you guys are hypocrites because if you truly cared about black Americans, why aren't you upset about the 500 homicides that took place in Chicago last year?
You see, I think this is -- Reverend Peterson.
What am I not telling the truth about?
You call us hypocrites.
Reverend Peterson, will you -- will you let Raymond Santana speak?
Yes, let me speak.
ETERSON: Why don't you became aware on the black on black crime?
Crime is crime regardless.
Only George Zimmerman had the right to defend himself with a gun, right?
Trayvon -- he had a right to defend himself but nothing came out during the trial that George Zimmerman stalked Trayvon Martin, nor did he follow him after he was told not to, and that lie is being put out there in order to divide and conquer, as well, by keeping blacks and whites angry at one another.
How do you see a way through this?
But, Piers, why do his family --
Where did you get this man from?
I said the same thing.
Sir, can you be respectful?
Trying to turn a thug into a hero.
Do you feel that race inevitably, as it did in the trial involving O.J. Simpson, that race was at the center of this trial?
No, I don't think that race was the center.
But as -- the point I was going to make, really, was that in your trial, for example, involving the death of your brother and others, having such a predominantly black jury, do you feel that the race element of that, of the jury selection led them to acquit somebody who many people believe should have been convicted because some people are saying in the Zimmerman trial that had you had more African-Americans on the jury than they would have related better perhaps to Trayvon Martin, to his background, to the star witness Rachel Jeantel, and you could perhaps have had a different verdict?
Well, I guess that's the case in every trial, depending on who the jurors are.
Do you ever get any sense of closure?
No.
And would you recommend that course of action to people who feel a sense of injustice?
Absolutely.
Has it brought you any satisfaction, perhaps a sense of karma that O.J. Simpson is currently incarcerated and maybe for a very long time for another offense?
I love it.
What is your actual view about self-defense and Stand Your Ground and so on?
Well, I mean, I guess if I was ever in that situation, I'd be very happy for the self-defense law.
What is your memory of what happened?
I remember just, you know, us having fun and it was a little uncomfortable because there was so many people there.
And second, in that moment, what made you react the way that you did?
Before actually my parents kind of taught me to be aware of my surroundings.
But are you OK physically yourself now?
Yes.
Was that part of your thinking when you said yes to his marriage proposal?
Oh, yes.
Why did you choose, Kristin, the anniversary to get married?
Actually, Eugene chose it, not me so --
Did he take a lot of weed?
No.
How much would you say?
Like twice a week.
Twice a week?
Yes.
Is that normal for teenagers in your community?
Yes.
What is your view of George Zimmerman?
Weak, scary.
Do you feel that your testimony strongly impacted the case at all?
Yes.
In a negative way?
No.
Hi, how are you?
You're very famous now.
What do you say to that?
Yes.
In your heart, what do you believe happened?
He was trying to get home, and he was, and that's a fact.
And you know that because you were talking to him?
Yes, sir.
How often would you talk to Trayvon?
All day.
All day long?
Yes, all day.
What kind of guy was he?
He was a calm, chill, loving person.
What would you talk about?
Really, what we were going to be in life.
He was a good friend to you?
Yes.
A kind friend?
Yes.
Was he ever aggressive?
No.
Did you ever see him aggressive?
No.
Did he ever lose his temper?
No.
You mean the stuff on social media?
Yes.
Did he ever talk to you about guns?
No.
Did you ever see him with a gun?
No.
What about drugs?
Drugs.
Did he take a lot of weed?
No.
How much would you say?
Like twice a week.
Twice a week?
Yes.
Is that normal for teenagers in your community?
Yes.
You would do the same?
No, because I --
Do you think they understood the world that you and Trayvon come from?
No.
Don West gave you a very hard time, the defense attorney?
Don West.
What is your view of him?
I'm going to have to say, he -- like I'm a Christian.
Which is a dental condition for your teeth?
No, a bone.
ORGAN: You had to have surgery for it?
Yes, I had to have surgery to push it back, and right now I don't want to do it, because it will take a year to heal.
Have you been bullied for that before?
Look at me, no.
Is that how you felt?
It's not that I didn't want to be there, it's a lot of stress.
I was dealing with a lot of stress for 16 months, I think?
And you were grieving a friend.
Particularly the shocking fact that you were the last person he was talking to?
Shock.
Do you miss him?
Well, yes.
What do you feel about what that juror said about you?
Angry.
What did that make you feel just seeing him?
I'm holding back.
What's your reaction to that?
Well, the juries, they see their fact.
Is that true?
No.
How do you spell it, first of all?
Cracka.
C-R-A-C-K-A?
EANTEL: Yes, and that's a person who act like they are police, who like security guard, who acting like, that's what I said to them.
And if George Zimmerman had done that, if he'd introduced himself as a neighborhood watch patrolman, even though he was off duty, if he'd done that, what would Trayvon have said to him, do you think?
No, I'm just trying to get home.
That was all he wanted to do?
Yes.
When you heard the tape of George Zimmerman saying that these A-holes, these F-ing punks they're always getting away with it, before he has the confrontation with Trayvon, what did you think was going through George Zimmerman's mind when he said that?
I'm finally going to get one, that night.
And be honest with me, Rachel, do you think that that was racially motivated or more a case of somebody he thought was a young thug, black or white?
It was racial.
Do you think it was just wrong that you had no black people on the jury at all?
No, not that.
Would Trayvon, if he had been attacked or had been confronted, and he was scared, would he have whooped ass, as you put it?
Whoop ass.
Would he have defended himself if he'd been in that position?
Yes, in my mind -- well, in reality, Trayvon, before his death, he thought I was still on the phone.
But you -- but you felt that there was no doubt in your mind from what Trayvon was telling you on the phone about the creepy ass cracka and so on, that he absolutely believed that George Zimmerman, this man, you didn't know who he was at the time, but this man, was pursuing him?
Yes.
And he was freaked out by it?
Yes.
What was your reaction when you realized what she'd done?
Look at the picture.
Do you feel that your testimony strongly impacted the case at all?
Yes.
In a negative way?
No.
Are you an honest person by nature?
Yes, well, now I'd be lying by saying that.
-- in a serious trial?
Yes.
Well, what is your view of George Zimmerman?
Weak, scary, hiding from his father.
Why do you say that?
If you were a real man, you would have stand on that stage and tell what happened.
Give evidence, you mean?
Yes, I understand what Don's trying to say, oh, I switched it around.
So was there anything you wished you have said when you were in there?
Nigga.
Why?
People -- the whole world say it's a racist word.
What does that word mean to you?
That means a male.
A black male?
No, any kind of male.
Black or white?
Any kind -- Chinese could say nigga.
And that's what they mean?
They all say it.
Why?
Because that's the racist word.
And they have just different meanings in -- in your community?
No, in a generation --
To young people, you mean?
Not young people.
Did Trayvon have that in him?
No, no.
Do you think that she got an unfairly hard time in terms of the reaction to the evidence that she gave?
I believe she did.
What did you make of it, Cheney?
I -- I couldn't hear your question --
Did -- did you hear the interview I did with Rachel Jeantel, Trayvon Martin's friend just then?
Yes, I -- I saw a part of it.
I mean, do you think that justice has been done here?
Well, I -- I think that -- that she clearly had -- could have done a better job testifying if she had been properly prepared by the lawyers, given an opportunity to.
What -- what do you make of that?
Normal SOP.
And as Rachel suggested, how much was the jury's decision affected by the fact that they were effectively an all-white jury?
What -- what I know, Piers, is we don't know what somebody else thinks.
If she'd be more like that Rachel on the stand, could it have made a difference?
Yes, I think it could have made a difference.
Is it the law that's the problem?
The law is the problem because the aggressor can then claim self-defense if the situation changes.
Do you think Florida or any other states will be making changes or modifications to the current "Stand Your Ground" law?
Jayne Weintraub, are we going to have a change to -- although "Stand Your Ground" wasn't used in this case, it is prevalent in many states in America.
Jayne?
Our Constitution guarantees the defendant a jury of his peers -- not a victim, a jury of his peers.
Can you hear me?
Yes.
But both of you, tell me first, are you OK?
Yes.
Did you have any warning that something was wrong with the plane?
The flight was a little rocky from the start but nobody thought really anything of it.
So no announcement from the cockpit that you remember, Frank?
No.
Dominique, do you remember any announcement other than to check your seatbelts?
Yes, but, you know, it kind of struck us as a little odd, because they did also say to check your neighbor's seatbelts as well.
What does it feel like in the plane, Dominique?
Well, it was incredibly shocking.
What happened?
Well, none of the masks dropped, but, you know, we were -- it was very -- yes, I mean, we were very shaken.
How long do you think it took you, Dominique, to stop?
I mean, it felt like forever to be honest with you because it does seemed like we were traveling so fast.
Dominique, where were you?
We were probably seven or eight rows down, just in front of the wing.
Did you see people injured there?
I didn't see anybody injured.
When they finally gave you word, what did they say and what happened?
Well, you know, immediately people were trying to jump out of their seatbelts and get off.
And then, Frank, you wound up going off a slide, right?
I looked outside and like I see that the emergency vehicles were surrounding the plane and they were, you know, hosing it down, and then at that point people really started kind of getting irritated and asking, you know, for the --
Frank, are you still there?
Yes.
How did you get off the plane?
Yes.
But do all your loved ones know that you're OK, Frank and Dominique?
Yes, yes.
The combination of more media access and this particular royal couple wanting to do it their own way?
Yes.
So that fact, Victoria, do you think that changes the equation here and maybe opens a possibility for somewhat of a sunset?
No, all I think it does is show the queen that her 61 years of service and duty have been worth every second.
Do you think there's a recognition, though, of how much energy William, especially with his marriage to Kate and now this little boy whatever his name will be, has given to the resurgence of popularity of the monarchy that might figure into who they want up front?
Absolutely.
But is there a feel there in this event of Diana's presence, her significance with Williams?
You know, I think everybody in the back of their minds always thinks about that.
What do you think this will mean going-forward in terms of how much focus will be on this new family?
Well, I think longevity and stability and continuity.
What do you think that will mean in terms of the decisions he and his wife will make and how they raise their little boy?
Well, I think that Diana paved the way in many ways because she went against the grain so much, she was so determined to do things differently.
This could very well be a different lifestyle because of that early influence, is that what you're saying?
Yes, I think it's exactly right.
Not so much because of the succession, but that media spotlight may free him up a little bit?
Well, I think probably -- and Prince Harry will be absolutely delighted this evening with the news he's an uncle.
But give me your take, what's the name going to be?
Ooh, I think my money's on George and Arthur somewhere in there.
Nothing?
No, I don't think we're going to be hearing Bruno or Barack.
No, nothing?
Well, I think he's discussing it with them at the moment, actually.
Is there a little bit of that in you?
Yes, there is, Chris.
So that would have been -- will (ph) exciting about this little girl, yes?
That's right.
How do you think he will choose to raise his little boy?
Chris, I -- I know his father well.
Do you think this will be a kid that will be thrust out there as look at the new royal or more of an accommodation of private and public?
Since William and Kate got married, we've seen William be incredibly protective of Kate.
Do they -- does the person need medical attention?
I don't know, they're getting him out of the car right now.
And this in the same area where everything else happened, true?
Yes, very strange.
Is that true?
We had conversations over the last few days.
Do -- do you believe he is safe there in Sanford?
'MARA: Well, that was only a few days after he was trying to make some plans and decided what to do.
I mean, you -- you have said, and we've heard through the family that there have been meaningful threats against his safety, yes?
Yes, there have been.
President Obama in his comments -- what have you thought about all this?
Well, you know, if you look at just the sound bite, I think it was -- it was inappropriate to suggest to suggest that 35 years ago, he could have -- Trayvon could have been him or whatever.
And you acknowledge that but you have an explanation, which is?
The reality is, is that what George did was not just legally correct, but was appropriate for the situation that he was in.
But do you think that this case is a legitimate starting- off point for discussions about concealed weapon laws and stand-your- ground?
Well, again, this is not a stand-your-ground case, never was.
What are our big moments tomorrow?
Well, hopefully, the family is getting some rest tonight, their first night -- night with a new baby of course.
What about the name?
Name -- who knows.
You're really a priest and an expert, though, aren't you?
That's right, of course.
And you saw what happened out there today, right?
Yes, I did.
But should he be in charge of security when it only takes one bad person?
Well, first of all, he is not in charge of his security.
Why?
I think it does matter.
Is that good enough?
No, it's not.
What Anthony Weiner says, his explanation or the woman standing to his left?
Both.
How do you know that voters don't say if it's good enough for her, it's good enough for me, on with the politics?
Well, I think Lanny's point earlier was right in the sense that we really don't know for certain how voters are going to react to that.
So who should know better about forgiveness?
That's exactly what Bill Clinton did.
Was that enough to cover this, or was this new behavior that makes him untrustworthy?
Well, clearly, he warned us ahead of time and as someone who looks at crisis and tries to mitigate harm, that was wise decision by him.
Why should this matter?
Well, I think this matters because this is no longer a question about a campaign that's really about ideas and issues that they care about.
Do you think he had to do that?
As your crisis manager, I hope you never need my services, my friend, Chris.
What did that moment mean there?
You know, Chris, Max and I have been talking about that moment -- obviously, everybody has been talking about that moment quite a bit.
He was there, wasn't he, during the whole labor, stayed overnight?
We've seen that all along the way with William and Kate.
Do you think that in their disposition of trying to be normal, trying to be like you, everybody, do you think that may actually magnify the draw to them in this kind of new blush of enthusiasm for the royals?
I think the jury is out on that, Chris.
Because a lot of people would say they want them to be loose and mysterious and not normal because they're almost aspirational, I think, right?
Yes, but also, you know, I think on some level you're kidding yourself if you can really be, quote-unquote, "normal."
That's really simple, I think, wasn't it?
Yes.
Kate, have you figured out how to say that word yet?
I like to say it as Max does but it ends coming out with an Indiana accent.
This moment as it sets up for what you want in terms of perception but also what you may want personally, how do you think this went?
I think this couldn't have gone any better.
I mean, what does that mean historically?
Well, historically we haven't seen this since Queen Victoria so it is something very, very new for all of us.
What did you make of this moment?
Well, look, it is incredible just because so many people around the world have been so galvanized by this.
And do you see that now as kind of a carried forward of what he will want for his life as a royal?
Well, look, she did obviously, and she was the one and she and Prince Charles brought their children up slightly differently from the way Prince Charles had been brought up, whether it was having her children in a hospital, whereas Prince Charles was born in Buckingham Palace, whether it was sending them to a real school rather than homeschooling for a lot of their -- a lot of their young lives, whether it was letting them go out to various theme parks, and other places that were public places.
What will it be like for this little boy in terms of how he is treated and when he has to realize who he is?
I think it's unfortunate that that's the viewpoint taken already because I think William and Kate have made it very clear that they're going to do everything they can to give their child as loving and well-adjusted childhood as possible.
But when you look at it that way, from Queen Victoria to this child, how have things changed for the monarchy?
Well, you've had a change of family.
At what age will this little boy understand that he is not like everybody else?
Well, in a way he will be quite like a lot of people.
You know, how does that happen?
Well, the -- I know one royal intimately, and what he said was like he just always knew because you know that this particular relation, I mean, he will be introduced to his great grandmother and they will say, this is your great grandmother and you have to bow, you call her mum.
No matter what about parliament and we have modern represented democracy there, what is that like to have that on you?
Well, I think that's about bringing your kids up right.
I -- is there anything that goes on where there are some type of informal protocol with the queen where ahead of time they kind of run names by her, or is she finding out about it like anybody else's?
The Queen went over to Kensington Palace this morning, primarily to meet her first great grandson, but I think William, he runs everything by her when it comes to the monarchy and how he does things and matters of state.
I may be -- I'm not saying great either way, but is that really happening?
Right now, certainly it is.
Is there any chance at this point Weiner gets elected?
I think it's problematic for both of these candidacies in part because while we have turned this election into a -- sort of a two-ring circus, the bottom line is when you go out and campaign and talk to voters, working people, middle class people, they want to know about affordable housing, they want to know about education opportunities for their kids.
Nik, first of all, are you getting paid by Miss Leathers?
No, Donny, I'm not getting paid at all and I'm not even sure that's her real name.
What was the reason she came to you?
No, she submitted a tip to the site.
Was that true?
Well, what happened was that she actually e-mailed Weiner in 2011 and it wasn't a nice e-mail.
So what are -- just as a member of the 300 million people of this country say to yourself before you put something like this out ?
Well, Donny, to me, I look at the Internet and I say, you know, privacy is gone.
Any chance?
I don't see him coming back from it, and Donny, you know, a lot of people -- we've been talking about whether or not he can win.
He comes in your office, what do we do now?
First of all, my disclosure is that I know Huma Abedin very well.
As a woman when you're watching Huma, was that feminism at the high point or low point?
Actually it was feminism period.
Is that your take?
There is no way Anthony Weiner would be in this race if Huma hadn't sign on at the beginning.
Marc, obviously, any woman could -- you're not buying it?
I just don't buy it.
How does anybody look past this?
At this point, what we're dealing with is sort of the personal because it's a sexual issue and the professional.
If she's in the line next to Hillary, this will not go away and Hillary has a history of when there is a deficit she walks away?
Look, I love Hillary Clinton as one of my best friends and this obviously is a painful experience for her, because I know she loves Huma Abedin as those of us who know Huma do.
You didn't send that photo to that woman in Washington State?
I did not send it to that woman in Washington State.
But you're not 100 percent sure whether the photo is actually you?
I'll say we're doing everything we can to answer that question, but we're doing an investigation.
But isn't a lot of it just the opportunity?
Well, I -- I think that for a lot of men who are either celebrities because they are in the entertainment business or sports world or because they are well-known elected officials or politicians or hope to be politicians, that they cheat frankly often because they don't believe that there will be consequences that will be serious, that they have the opportunity to do it and because frankly, they have not had to suffer serious consequences in the past.
Is there any thread that you've seen in men over the years -- powerful men, beyond kind the obvious sense of entitlement that causes this behavior?
This is a little bit of a master of the universe mentality.
I mean, so what is sex addiction?
ONAGHUE: No, I'm going to agree with you.
And then there's new digital generation -- are they going to look at this a lot with a lot kinder eyes than we would because they're growing up in the digital world and there's a lot more cavalierness to what happens in that virtual world?
I don't think people in their 20s are going to be like -- just think that anything that takes place on the internet is weird certainly.
Star, Weiner have any chance?
Arrogance will keep him in.
Ben?
Well, Donnie, I think the question is whether you acted on that.
Can you profile and follow our children while they walk home and not do anything illegal?
Yes.
...but like what do we -- how do we get past it (ph)?
They -- they come to terms with the fact that the assumption is racist.
How are they doing?
Well, they're trying to take something painful and negative and turn it into a positive.
Star, last word?
I just think that diversity around the table is what's going to move the conversation from talking to action.
All of these years later, 40 years of drug war, would either of us have difficulty anywhere in the United States finding our former drug of choice within 45 minutes?
I think you and I could walk out of here and within about 90 seconds of yelling, looking, at least someone come toward us and probably somewhere within five minutes of that, probably west of here, we'd both be able to take care of whatever we needed.
So, David Carr, why do you think if we have had actual Hamsterdams, what would America look like or do we have them already?
Part of the problem is drug addiction tends to be a serial matter and it's not easy to fix and people say treatment doesn't work, and in fact it doesn't.
Six tons, whole sale value?
This is over $300 or $600 million.
So these are all kilo blocks?
Yes, kilo blocks.
Do you have a problem with this?
Well, whenever I feel somebody's hands up my skirt I'm always sort of interested in what exactly they are trying to find up there.
Well, what does metadata mean to you?
Well --
What does it mean to you, David Simon?
Well, you know --
-- misuse this information?
My concern is that --
Well, I mean, who knows more about you, the NSA or Amazon?
Tony, if they want --
If you had to spend the rest of your life in Russia or Venezuela, where would you pick?
I've not been to either place.
I should try it?
Yes, yes, totally.
You're not loving it, are you?
No.
Mario Batali, what do you think?
It depends.
Deeply traumatizing experience and you certainly were a product of that system, and in fact you yourself, at some point in your career early on as a chef, well, you were a miserable son of a bitch yourself, weren't you, Mr. Ripert?
Yes, I was.
It's all peace and love?
Love and kiss and stuff like that.
Does -- does it matter?
Well, I certainly don't think you want to be serving cancerous food to your customers, if you know what that is.
If they want to kill themselves with food, it's OK with you?
Right, but not alcoholic, yes.
So you wouldn't cut them off?
Of course not.
How are we going to -- how are we going to raise a giraffe or smoke terrorists out of their holes if we're -- we're too fat to squeeze in after it?
Even with -- even with we were skinny, we were not doing a very good job at smoking the terrorists out of their holes.
So I should really -- I should have another piece of cake?
Have another piece of cake.
And where do you really start to get into offensive?
I think 20 percent is pretty much the standard.
That said, when was the last time you got bad service?
I don't get bad service anywhere.
What's in this cocktail?
This is one-third gin, one-third sweet Italian vermouth and one-third campari.
And how did we get to bologna (ph) anyway?
Right.
Would you agree with that?
I think that's a little short to be quite frank.
...how would you respond?
I would have brutally kicked his ass.
I just think (ph) -- the real question is, what if your buddies put that on the internet?
(ph): Well, yes.
It was one of his pals that were there, right?
Yes.
Pee (ph) in a bucket?
All right, last question.
Many you had one too many, the bronies (ph), what -- what dirty, shameful thing do you find yourself craving to eat?
I feel no guilt about pleasure, first of all.
You had a cronut?
Yes.
You've -- you've had one?
I've had a cronut.
What -- what is a cronut?
So a cronut is a -- something we launched on the menu in (ph) May (ph).
So do you have -- do you cut the line at -- at Dominique's Place now that you helped turn this into a Frankenstein monster?
I've cut the line twice.
And I tell myself saying, if I could -- if I had a time machine, I would like to go back to 2004 and not have stopped, you know?
Yes, no.
You would have kept going or you would have stopped?
Oh, I would keep going.
Do you remember that?
Oops.
Steak sandwiches?
Yes.
And why not?
Because I'm in love with Monica.
You'd kissed everyone else?
Everyone who ever walked on the set, I think --
Do you watch?
No, no, not much.
Why did I suck so much?
Yes, that's the neurosis.
You know?
Yes, no.
Would you want to change that or?
Yes.
You would have kept going or you would have stopped?
Oh, I would keep going.
But why not have fun until they do?
Yes, I guess the ideology was that like we would decide if that would be better.
You actually checked him, like really?
I'm not used to -- yes --
Hilarious?
-- was it hilarious I was supposed to say--
Really?
And -- yes, I do.
You do?
Yes.
All you need to what?
All you need to succeed --
It is?
-- to be appealing, to --
Oh, yes?
On the show.
I thought you were going back?
I love you so much.
Who?
Me.
You know, did you notice that?
Maybe you haven't done it yet.
That I'm not there?
Yes.
It's called how well do you know your own project?
Oh.
-- what we were making before?
Well, $900 --
How -- how is everything going over there?
Good.
Yes?
They're both fantastic.
-- get to be on?
Yes.
-- thing?
-- that's exactly what the tag line is here.
Is that what you mean?
No.
-- interesting secrets that you've -- that you found out?
UDROW: We have -- like I am not allowed to give too much away.
Do you fake them?
No.
Do you like being behind the scenes or in front?
I like it for "Who Do You Think You Are?"
Which is just a -- it's -- those are just the words, the first letters for How Well Do You Know Your Own Project?
OK.
Yes?
-- I'm going to sign a copy of one of your DVDs for you and give it back to you.
Isn't that great?
Well, that would be worth a lot, actually.
What was the most successful one that got the most viewers?
I know that answer.
Do you?
I mean I knew that answer.
Your most successful, OK?
Right.
Do you think Meryl Streep is more proud of her performance in "Web Therapy" or "Sophie's Choice"?
Oh, "Web Therapy."
And plus, that movie, I didn't see that movie, but is that whole movie just her going -- that one?
No.
It's -- so there's other stuff in that?
There's a lot of other difficult stuff in it.
OK?
Yes.
Do you know the name of the -- of the title of that episode, what that episode was called?
Oh, wow!
What?
I don't know the --
That's right?
That's right.
So what's going on just with the body and the mind of an alcoholic?
ACK: Sure.
What could -- what could have been done?
ACK: Well, you know, Corey had been in treatment before.
So this is for primarily -- it's for first time, non- violent drug offenders, correct?
Yes, well --
-- but that's who it -- that's who it's for, primarily, right?
Actually, it's -- it's for who are really pretty seriously engaged in the criminal justice system.
And what is the success rate of drug court?
Well, 75 percent of our graduates never see another pair of handcuffs.
How did you get from there to now here, sitting here on CNN?
Well, it's a long story.
What do you think those guys should do?
I would say seek treatment.
So -- but there is a little window that opens for people, right?
Right.
Who's not on the drug court side and what is their argument?
Well, there really are one of two camps.
How many people have we saved?
Well, in the past 24 years, we've saved a million people.
So, you now are a New York best-selling author, "New York Times" best selling author, is that right?
That is right.
Do you like that better?
You know, every job is it's own animal, I guess, and you just sort of have to learn the world and the world of "Gilmore Girls" was musical and precise, and the world of "Parenthood" is more about a family and they want it to sound messy and overlap and they shot it in a way that we can do that.
Do you want to play a game?
Yes.
It's called, how well do you know your own project, OK?
OK.
What's the first word?
Begin.
Did you know that?
Yes -- no, it gives me the willies.
Really?
Fantastic.
What do you win?
Your book.
What information does he have to reveal?
There's definitely more stories to be reported.
Cheryl, why was it important for you to start the Beverly Hills Cannabis Club and become known as the Martha Stewart of marijuana?
Well, I had a health crisis that led me to the cannabis industry.
How has that happened?
Well, in 1996, when Prop 215 was just passed in Los Angeles, my therapist, who, at that time, had me on anti-depressants and anxiety pills and sleeping pills, he actually suggested it to me.
Did it change her as a person?
Absolutely.
Dr. Samuels, as a recovering addict, what is your reaction to the pop moms?
I really find it frightening because there's really a lot of ignorance that is going on here.
You disagree?
I -- I disagree.
So, Doctor, why don't you think pot should be legalized?
OK.
Ladies, what are -- what are your thoughts?
As a mother here's what I find very interesting.
So there's -- no doubt to you, there's no doubt to you that marijuana is a gateway drug?
No, not only is it a gateway drug, because if you were really in the field that I am, people are using marijuana at 14 years old because of people like this I'm debating.
What's the benefit of a place like that?
Well, first of all, I loved CBD.
Any benefit to a place like Harborside?
The only benefit is with people with serious, you know, cancer issues and some pain issues.
Glenn, how are you?
Doing well.
What is your reaction to what Director Keith Alexander said?
Every single time government officials try and do things and hide it from the American people and then get caught doing what they're doing, they do the same thing, they scream the word terrorism over and over in the hope that people will get scared.
If he was really a hero, wouldn't he have just, you know, be seen a little differently if he had just stuck around and kind of stood his ground?
I don't think so.
Why is that?
Well, you know, Barbara Starr is very good at going to government officials and having them whisper in her ear and then repeating what they say and calling that reporting.
What more information does he have to reveal?
Well, it isn't that he has more to reveal.
Do you know where he would like to go, what his preference is?
I think his -- his really -- his only goal is to make sure that he can continue to participate in the debate over surveillance, that was his main goal to help provoke.
What can you tell me about that?
Well, like I said, his -- as far as I know, he never -- even before he got to Russia, he doesn't have any intention of disclosing more information.
How difficult is it going to be for him, as he's working with the governments, trying to figure out a way to seek asylum, to create a travel plan since ultimately he is going to be flying through restricted airspace?
Well, there are ways to get from Moscow to Latin America without having to fly over airspace that is controlled by the United States or its allies.
Does he continue to be in contact with the organization and Julian Assange?
I don't think he had any relationship with WikiLeaks, not -- at least not to my knowledge until WikiLeaks provided him with assistance in leaving Hong Kong at the request of the -- or at the invitation or with the permission of the government of Hong Kong and then seeking asylum.
Do Snowden have any regrets giving up his life here in the United States?
It's amazing.
Congressman, how are you?
I'm doing fine.
Have you ever worked as a migrant farm worker, Congressman?
You know, I've done a lot of work that's worse than picking oranges.
Do you think Americans are lining up for jobs like this?
I think there are 100 million Americans that are of working age that are simply not in the workforce.
Why do you think that is?
Well, I think it's because just as I've said, that the magnet that keeps people there and in their homes is a large cradle-to-grave welfare system.
When you look at this immigration reform, what's being proposed at the moment, can you tell me about your thoughts on the whole gang of eight immigration reform bill?
Well, I read through the bill, and I look at what they're trying to do.
Do you stand by these statements, Congressman?
Of course I do.
Should those people not have a chance to try and stay in our country?
But here's the point.
Shouldn't we be giving them visas to stay in America?
I have supported some of that STEM policy that's there, in two different times.
How will that affect all of us?
Well, I think that when you do this incrementally, you start moving people into the workforce that aren't there now.
Should it be that easy for someone to get a gun?
Hey, man, thank you.
What, in your opinion, could be done to change the gun culture there?
Well, we have to collaborate and work together.
Why is that?
Well, whenever you have so much economic deprivation in a certain area, you have educational problems, economic problems, social ills with the breakdown in the structure of family and then you add to that the lack of any spirituality, and you have all of that in one neighborhood, it's going to breed a lot of hopelessness, a lot of frustration.
How strict are the gun laws in Chicago?
Well, you know, compared to the rest of America, they're -- they're pretty strict.
Does that lead to an influx of guns in the city?
ROOKS: We do have an influx of guns in the city.
What does this say, that there are these kind of children shooting children problems?
You know, here in Chicago, we have to start -- and not just Chicago, but, inner cities across America, whether it's New York, Philadelphia, Los Angeles, inner cities across America.
Why do you think that is?
I think, oftentimes, there are a lot of people who -- who may deem that black-on-black crime or young black boys killing young black boys is not as newsworthy, for one.
(on camera): Peggy (ph), how long has Tootie been coming here?
She started coming when I first opened the shop 41 years ago.
(INAUDIBLE), Tootie?
No.
Tootie, what time did you wake up?
Five o'clock.
So, Tootie, do you do anything to get any exercise?
Yes, I just do what I want to do.
You still get around pretty good?
I'm grateful I can.
(on camera): Keep stirring this, right?
Yes.
You're a Muslim, so why did you write a book about the founder of Christianity?
THE LIFE AND TIMES OF JESUS OF NAZARETH": Well, to be clear, I am a scholar of religions with four degrees including one in the New Testament and fluency in biblical Greek, who has been studying the origins of Christianity for two decades who also just happens to be a Muslim.
Do you think that?
Well, I don't think it's the first time she's definitely going to run.
It sort of -- it brings it all back, doesn't it?
Well, obviously the answer is yes, it brings it all back.
In Snowden's case, you know, to be fair to the guy, he can try and be quite judicious in what he put out there, do you see that distinction?
I do see that distinction.
But where do you draw the line there particularly in a modern era?
That's the point.
Badge of honor, Dan?
Frankly, yes.
Was that true?
Apparently so.
(INAUDIBLE), isn't it?
No, I don't think so.
Is this basically going on in every city in America?
Absolutely, Piers.
I assume you agree with that, John?
I think his son turned out to be a way better man than this coward was.
Now I want to be clear, you're a Muslim, so why did you write a book about the founder of Christianity?
Well, to be clear, I am a scholar of religions with four degrees, including one in the New Testament and fluency in biblical Greek who has been studying the origins of Christianity for two decades, who also just happens to be a Muslim.
But it still begs the question, though -- it still begs the question, why would you be interested in the founder of Christianity?
Because it's my job as an academic.
And, Reza, I mean, what were you thinking as that interviewer was asking those ridiculous questions?
Well, look, I mean, truly I was kind of embarrassed.
What is the premise of the book and what is the conclusion that you reached?
Well, the book is a historical biography of a man named Jesus of Nazareth.
Taking the FOX interview as the basis for this next question, but do you think it would be helpful generally if more Muslims read more about Christianity, more Christians read more about the Muslim faith?
I think for sure.
It was quite interesting, isn't it?
Yes.
Why do you want George Zimmerman to have a gun so badly?
Well, I mean, the first thing to point out is the purpose of the fundraiser was not just to buy a gun.
Have you thought about their security going forward?
I'm not aware of any threats against Mr. Martin's family for the fact that Mr. Zimmerman was acquitted.
Where does that leave you if you're the one that supplied the gun?
Well, if we're the ones that supplied the gun -- and again remember, we provided money, not a gun.
You will sleep soundly if he did that again?
If he's acting legally in self-defense again, absolutely.
And at what point does he have to take responsibility for not pursuing, some would say stalking unarmed teenagers who are walking home?
Well, again, two different levels of government review have found no fault with Mr. Zimmerman's actions.
But what if he then does it again?
Well, I mean, we can go through all the hypotheticals that you'd like to go through.
What is your view of Florida's stand-your-ground law, and indeed a law that many other states have embraced?
Well, the United States did not have a duty to retrieve in its laws in -- in most states until the 1920s, the 1930s.
So just to clarify, you don't think there should ever really be a situation where you have a duty to retreat?
Oh, the taking of a human life is the last resort -- morally, religiously, ethically and legally.
That's always the first step in a self-defense case is can you avoid the taking of the human life?
Have you ever thought that you could reduce the taking of human lives if you reduce the number of guns.
Has that thought process ever crossed your mind?
Oh, certainly, as a prosecutor for over 12 years, as someone who has been a court-appointed counsel in murders, rapes, kidnappings, that thought has crossed my mind.
What do you mean by that?
You can write all the laws you want down on a piece of paper.
How do you explain that if your theory is it makes no difference?
Countries are based upon the culture of the country.
How do you change that thinking?
Well, I -- I mean, there are a lot of people -- I'm not saying he's one of them who have an economic stake in making sure that the gun industry not only survives, but thrives.
But as Dan Rather said, doesn't there have to be some line drawn as to what kind of information people can put into the public domain?
Yes, but we've drawn a line at the wrong place.
Gloria, what -- what do you think?
LLRED: I would translate what Alan just said so eloquently like this, that we really need to change it on a legislative level.
And of these three men, who has the greater chance of survival?
Well, at this point, it might be Elliot Spitzer.
What is the difference really between what he used to get up to and what Anthony Weiner gets up to other than Weiner never actually met these women?
Well, one thing that should be pointed out is all three of these people are progressive, liberal, civil rights advocates, supporters of women rights.
...yes, on that point, though, that Alan made about the difference between JFK, say, and Anthony Weiner, what is the difference?
Well, I mean, I want to differ with Alan on the fact that the allegation that all of the women were voluntarily involved in this, my client, Ginger Lee (ph), did not send any sext to Anthony Weiner and nor did she send any photos of herself.
...we know now, don't we?
We know now but we didn't know then.
Gloria?
I agree.
You had to say to yourself, this guy is one sick puppy, right?
Totally, especially after the first scandal had already happened.
It's so bizarre, isn't it?
You know, he's one tick away from being just a complete perv to be honest with you.
Isn't that the problem?
It's a lack of core values.
And if Anthony Weiner cannot show the kind of judgment that is necessary, the loyalty to his family that is necessary, what makes you think that he would be the right person to lead the city on New York?
I had an interview last night, I just wanted to talk to you about actually because it was about George Zimmerman, about guns.
Where does that leave you if you're the one that supplied the gun?
Well, if we're the ones that supplied the gun and remember, we provided money, not a gun, but if someone is on top of Mr. Zimmerman again repeatedly bashing his head into the concrete, and he acts in self-defense, that's incredible bad luck that he found himself in that situation twice, but we'll sleep soundly.
Every time you point a gun at somebody and you're going to pull the trigger, think, is that life worth $5,000 for a bullet?
Right.
But actually, he's a very dangerous man, and the obvious question is how could he be in a position to even do this?
I think it's very important that when somebody is take into custody, that there is some assessment of dangerousness, risk level, because you want more security on a person that poses a risk.
What do you do about this kind of thing?
Well, as I said, you need to put people like this in the right facility.
What is this?
Well, my view on this Piers -- and thank you for inviting me on the show.
To Ben Ferguson, give me one good reason why arming 20 teachers and administrators is a sensible way to reduce gun violence in America?
I've give you three.
And before I go to Mary Cathryn Ricker, you would presumably by extension of your argument, Ben, you would arm every single teacher in America if you could in every school?
No, absolutely not.
What is your reaction to that?
My huge concern is this idea that for every problem you think you may be solving, there are going to be far more pervasive problems that you're actually creating.
Are they keeping it locked and loaded?
Mary, Mary --
Will they have time to go and unlock it?
You're -- this is where the fear-mongering is exhausting.
Explain to me how you'll do that?
Well, you actually take the gun.
Where do the teachers put their guns physically?
They wear it on their waist.
Mary?
Yes, so we're starting in the wrong place.
So what do you want to do?
...of the school district actually said that so -- so first of all, Ben, I actually don't appreciate being accused of not doing my research because I've spent quite a bit of time talking to the...
So what do you want to do?
...that these just are going to happen (ph).
...and we trust them with our kids, why would we not trust them with this?
OK, but Ben, very quickly, last point to you and then a final point to Mary, why did Wayne Lapierre as early as 1999 -- why was he so adamant that shouldn't, by his words, that we saw at the top of the segment, there should be no guns at any school in America.
Alan Dershowitz, are you surprised that Bradley Manning evaded a conviction for aiding the enemy?
Well, evaded is not the word I would use.
Where is the line between whistle-blowing and becoming a traitor?
Well, in -- in our lifetime, Daniel Ellsberg, in my opinion, was a whistle-blower.
So how do you regulate it going forward?
Well, the best way to keep a secret is not to know it.
P.J. Crowley, just finally, instead of just saying (ph) John Kerry through the nine-month goal for Middle East peace talks today, is he being too optimistic do you think?
Well, I think it's very important to have a Middle East peace process and having the parties talk even if the prospects of success are -- are not promising, I think is vitally important.
What is your reaction to that reaction?
It's interesting.
What is your wheel house, Brad paisley?
I don't know anymore.
Was she unfairly vilified, do you think?
Oh, I don't know, I mean, I don't enough about what she really did.
And do we expect any of the victims to either attend or make any kind of statement themselves?
Well, Piers, I'm learning from sources that one of the three victims will actually be making a statement here tomorrow, an impact statement.
And in the end, we don't expect that he will receive anything other than a very, very lengthy prison sentence and will be unlikely to ever come out again, right?
Right, this is not discretionary.
From all you know from both Gina's side and her family and what you've heard of the others, do any of these young women who've been through this awful ordeal have any kind of sense of this -- they call the Stockholm syndrome where they feel a strange affection to their captor?
Well, if you listen to any of the court hearings from last week, the prosecutor did come out and say that there was some Stockholm syndrome and also in the report that they released today that the doctor also said that he believes all three girls are experiencing that.
Michael Hughes, what do you make of this video when you saw it?
Well, I believe that the deputy made a very vital mistake.
What kind of life will Ariel Castro face in prison, do you think, given the scale, the depravity of his behavior?
Oh, my prediction there will be a conspiracy within the inmates to get him.
Do you still see him as a potential danger and threat to you?
Not in a physical way.
What advice would you give these young women who've been through a decade of hell like this?
I mean, I was listening, I was getting teary-eyed once you're reading the story of that letter from Michelle Knight.
If you'd been able to do a victim statement to O.J. Simpson, what would you have said to him?
Oh, you'd have to bleep me for the next 45 minutes.
Is this just for domestic e-mails or -- or is this for international e-mails or -- or both?
Both.
Well, what part of the -- what part of this -- what part of this don't you want to talk about?
I wonder what...
What part of which document that's come out don't you want to talk about?
I suppose it's the specifics of some of the programs.
Do you feel comfortable as an American citizen that the enemy potentially know too much about what the American government can and can't do?
I can tell you, I've been an investigative reporter for a long time.
Piers?
Yes, Glenn -- yes, Glenn.
He somehow kept it secret from them?
No, they don't, Jeffrey.
Is there a limit to what kind of material people with the kind of access that Edward Snowden had should be allowed to put out there before it crosses a line?
Oh, of course, there's always limits on that.
What is your reaction to it having seen it?
The -- the film that we see tomorrow night is a -- it's a good collection of -- of movies that were easily obtained from the national archives.
...is the biggest misconception about him that maybe persist to this day given your knowledge of him?
Well, for the most part, right now, I see most of what's been told about Richard Nixon has been with some -- with a prejudice going through a filter.
But did -- did Richard ever privately apologized to you, as his brother, for -- for what he had done?
He didn't need to.
On "America's Got Talent"?
Yes.
But tell me, is he entitled to it?
By law, he is.
But if you actually end up killing an unarmed teenager, isn't that the very least it should happen to be that maybe you don't get -- given back your gun?
Not if you're found not guilty.
Kristen Soltis, are you comfortable with George Zimmerman wandering around with this gun?
I agree with Marc.
I think pretty extraordinary, wouldn't it, if A-Rod gets banned for life?
Yes, but it will be extraordinary, but it will be necessary as well.
Kristen, are you a baseball fan?
I am much more of a football fan, where -- where issues about performance-enhancing substances are not -- not nearly as prevalent.
Cheating is overstating is, though?
It is cheating.
So who are you cheating?
So 99 percent of the people in Central Park are mugging people.
Is that fine?
No, because by definition, it's still mugging.
Because they're all pumped with steroids, therefore it's not cheating?
It's a level playing field, yes.
So you then would defend Lance Armstrong?
Yes, I would say that Lance Armstrong is sort of being hung out to dry as the exception, when in fact most cyclists were doing it.
The fact that everybody else is cheating makes it absolutely not cheating?
And the league sanctioned it.
No?
You're in charge.
Was I right to feel scared?
I think it's totally appropriate to be on guard, because they are incredibly predatory fish.
Yes?
-- is what it uses to pin down its target prey, which isn't a human being like us --
But do they attack humans?
-- it's the rays.
ORGAN: Do hammerheads attack humans?
Rarely.
What are the most predatory of all the sharks?
Well, there's a number of species that have been known to cross paths with people in a negative way.
What is the biggest misconception about sharks, do you think?
I think the biggest misconception is that they are just a -- a hardwired eating machine.
It would -- really, it would cut me open?
Right.
Are they naturally man-eaters?
Myth.
Do they like it?
Well, I think, like any predator, they'll take advantage of easy prey.
-- on human flesh?
No.
Is that true?
Some shark species actually can sink when they stop swimming.
Sharks have no bones?
They have no bones.
Literally no bones?
They're made out of cartilage, which is -- which is what they share in common with the skates and the stingrays.
Is that true?
I don't know if that's true.
(INAUDIBLE) the -- the movie scenes when there's a sort of -- a lot of blood in the water and then you see a -- or a shark descending on them, is that, in reality, how it works?
ORWIN: You can get a frenzy.
Do sharks eat each other?
Sharks actually can display some types of cannibalism.
Really?
Yes.
What is this one?
This right here, this is a spiny dog fish, or a spiny shark.
How dangerous would that shark be?
This is one of the least dangerous species of sharks.
-- and you hear of rock salmon?
Yes.
What's their favorite eating fish?
Well, I guess it depends the species of sharks.
And let's come back and talk a little bit more about sharks, because everyone is quietly fascinated with them, aren't they?
Absolutely.
Why do we need sharks?
Well, it's sort of an interesting question.
Does climate change have any impact on the sharks' population?
Climate change certainly can have an impact on the populations of some species of sharks.
Is the biggest threat to sharks and their future, as with so many animals, human?
Absolutely.
What do they do to you?
Well, it -- again, depending on the species of shark.
And does he -- does he clamp or rip?
He'll hold very tightly.
And you could see it?
You could see it.
By a shark?
Yes.
What animal does the shark fear in the water, anything?
I think probably there are a number of creatures.
A shark would be scared of a dolphin?
Absolutely.
Why?
They're incredible -- they have amazing defenses when a -- when dolphins feel threatened by sharks, they will plow at, you know, at torpedo speed into the side of that shark and actually --
Really?
-- kill.
-- a bull shark?
And orcas, killer whales have been known to take on sharks.
Is a great white scared of anything?
I think a great white may be afraid of other great whites.
Do they fight each other?
They have been known to fight each other.
So, this is a stingray tail?
Absolutely.
And this is where the sting comes?
That is the weapon of death.
And how big do they get, a stingray?
Huge.
-- to sting them?
No.
It's a defensive mechanism?
It's a totally defensive mechanism.
Could you die of a stingray sting?
Oh, absolutely.
Why are they sometimes called witches purse?
Well, the -- what the -- the reason why they're called witch's purses is actually because of this.
And a skate is like a mini stingray without the stick?
Exactly.
It's a little baby, isn't it?
This is a little baby that hatched out.
Is that the mother there?
This is the mother of these babies.
The skate -- skates aren't dangerous, right?
They are not dangerous.
And how long could that take to hatch?
This could -- if the water was warm, it could be in less than a year.
How big is it -- how big is this alligator?
Well, he's pretty big.
And how did that happen?
They were over hunted.
How old is this?
And this is probably a couple of years old.
Seriously?
Yes.
How did it get there?
It was an illegal pet.
Is that a myth?
It is not true.
But even at that size, is it dangerous?
ORWIN: It's not dangerous, but it certainly could hurt you.
What is it?
You can tell the way the -- the -- the snout is shaped.
Who's more dangerous, crocodiles or alligators?
I would -- to me, they're -- I will swim in alligator country if I feel the risks are low.
Why?
Because I think you'd risk a chance of be being, you know, the early buffet of a -- of a crocodile --
-- are the most dangerous of the reptiles, huh?
I think they're remarkable predators.
I think it's Fred, right?
Yes.
How many people are keeping these things as pets?
A lot of people, believe it or not, keep them as pets.
How long can they live?
Well, that's kind of a mystery.
But they all look a bit docile until they kill you, right?
Yes.
What would he do?
Well, if he was in predator mode, basically, what he would be doing is just sort of hunkered down like a submarine low to the water.
Do you see that?
Wow!
What will this do for you?
He will basically hold on very, very tight.
So they drown you first?
Oftentimes, they will drown you, if they don't crush you first, depending on your size.
Why are you so calm around something that could, at any moment, turn predatory?
Well, you know --
What have you got in there?
All your nightmares are coming true.
How big is that?
I'd ask for help, but I know I won't get it.
How big is it?
This -- he's 15 feet long.
Where do people get these from a pet?
You can buy them in pet shops.
What do they do in the jungle that's so positive?
Well, they're a part of that living community.
-- how old is this one?
This animal is probably five or six years old.
Does she have a name?
ORWIN: I think they named it Buddha.
Is it as simple as that?
It literally squeezes the life out of you.
Do -- could they kill a human?
It is very possible that a large snake could kill a human.
Why are you so comfortable around it?
Because I know -- I -- I know his behavior.
What would it do to show that it's stressed?
Well, it would be coil up.
So if I were to ask you, do snakes have legs, what would you say?
I would say they don't.
What is the biggest creature this kind of python could eat, who is in -- in the jungle?
Well, you know, in the Amazon, the Anaconda, which is a large boa.
And this constant thing with its -- its -- what do you call it gut?
No, this -- that's his chin and this is called buccal pumping.
Of all the creatures that you've found in the ocean or seen, what's been the most amazing moment for you?
I think probably one of the most amazing moments for me was recently filming in New Zealand and actually coming face with a bird species that actually was extinct in the wild and they had rediscovered it.
Could -- couldn't the public around the world be doing a lot more to help conserve the great creatures of the ocean?
Absolutely, Piers.
What do you think?
Nothing.
And the book is called "Sharks"?
"Sharks" is our new book.
Why is A-Rod being singled out for what seems to be special punishment?
Well, I think it's the nature of what Major League Baseball is alleging here.
Where is their integrity in all of this?
Well, the Yankees really didn't want him around as we know.
But why you can't the other sports and the authorities that run them do what is happening in tennis and golf?
Actually, today, Piers, this is a great day for baseball.
What's your take on it?
All the above.
Right?
And has not been playing that well.
We have to trust again that the next wonder kid is going to be clean?
I don't know that we can ever trust again.
Well, you know, once you're into that mindset, anything goes, doesn't it?
And yes, that is true.
For those of you who think you should have intervened and done something to help the boy physically, what is your response?
Well, my response to that is, it's been policy that bus drivers do not jump in the middle of a fight.
Do you believe with hindsight you could have done anything else than what you did?
OODY: In hindsight, I followed policy.
But how do you feel personally about what happened?
I took it really personal.
What is your reaction to what the police chief said there?
Well, I - I didn't want to move the kid.
Should we be focusing on what these three little barbarians did?
Well, I think it's more on me because I didn't do what people thought I should have done.
Is that fair that you're getting all the flack when these kids, these thugs, are seen on camera trying to kill this kid?
I don't think it's fair, no.
Will you carry on, driving buses in light of what's happened here?
I retired, Piers, I retired.
This was the final straw for you, was it?
Yes, yes, it was a big straw too.
What are the key takeaways we can look forward to seeing tomorrow?
Well, first of all, what you're seeing right now with all these embassy closures, is definitely related to what we saw and what we didn't see in terms of a reaction in Benghazi.
Are they basically saying, we have to look like we're doing everything we can?
In a sense -- depends on who you ask.
Why was manpower so lacking in Benghazi?
We're essentially talking about a CIA mission in Benghazi.
So, because they didn't understand, they just underestimated the threat?
That's right.
And we are seeing in real time the -- the very extreme action that the American administration is now taking to try and prevent another Benghazi, aren't we?
URNETT: We -- we absolutely are.
And -- and in the end, where do you see the culpability?
You know, it goes in a few places.
Isn't that a nice way to put it?
Very blooming.
How important is it, Frank Ochberg, do you think to have this house of horrors torn to pieces for -- for the victims in particular?
Well, I think it's a good move.
What did you make of -- of her performance and what she said?
Piers, I was right there.
How realistic is it that these three young women can be liberated in the near future?
Well -- well, I absolutely believe that they can be liberated.
What is your take on that?
You know, I think the Stockholm syndrome has -- has been overplayed on some levels.
ORGAN: Dr. Bailey, from -- from all your work with Jaycee Dugard there and many others, what is the -- the best advice you could give these three young women from Cleveland as they try and get back to normality in their lives?
Absolutely, to not let their past define them.
How are you, first of all?
Taking it day by day.
Do you have any idea really what may have happened?
No, I have no doubt that he was pursuing a hot story.
He was a passionate man, wasn't he?
Well, he loved -- you know, he loved to always challenge conventional wisdom.
The NSA, Edward Snowden, and even all the chatter now, the intrusions (ph) -- this was right up his -- his wheelhouse?
No, I mean, absolutely.
I mean, it must be dramatic and occasionally pretty scary and all the other things that go with it?
Well, it made life really exciting.
When you look at, as I say, all the current stories and stuff, where do you think Michael would have drawn the line between what should be in the public domain and what shouldn't be, in terms of where you decide what's in the national interest to keep quiet and to publish?
Well, Michael -- I mean, he was a pretty big believer in radical transparency overall.
You a Yankees fan?
I'm not really but...
Because you're a New Yorker, right?
Now, I live in New York.
Were you surprised by the -- the incredible outpouring of attention that Michael's death got -- the tributes and accolades that came in (ph)?
Well, I think it's a real testament to his legacy and what he stood for, and you know, how -- what a passionate supporter he was of liberty, of human rights, of freedom, of the right to -- of the right to free speech.
You spoke to Tameka tonight?
Yes, I did speak with her tonight and she did tell me that her son was OK.
Where was this snake and how did it get out?
Well, from what I've read and from what information that's out currently is that the snake escaped it's enclosure, which was housed in the pet store in the first floor.
Is that what we believe the cause of death is?
Well, you know, that would be the cause of death involving a snake, especially of that size.
Could that have attracted the snake, do you think?
Absolutely.
People getting messages on their cell phones and so on to try and encourage them to see if they can see these two kids, Hanna Anderson and Ethan Anderson?
Piers, it's extremely helpful, these Amber alerts.
Is there a sensible way of spending public money?
Well, the first thing -- one of the first things you learn in law school, Piers, any person that defends himself has a fool for a client.
But what about the rights -- what about the rights, Star, of the victims that he shot who he may now have the legal right to interrogate?
Not may, does.
How can that be right?
Because the criminal justice system is there where the defendant is innocent, unless and until proven guilty.
Even when he's admitted I'm the shooter?
But admission of responsibility for the act is not admission of culpability under the law.
Do you mind if I say, this is legal gooblededoo?
ONES: I know.
So it's a necessary evil?
It is a necessary evil.
What do you make of that?
I wish I could say I'm surprised.
Have you experienced it in New York?
Not as much because New York is sort of my city, and I tend to go places where I'm expected.
So you're almost subliminally avoiding it?
Exactly.
Have you really?
Absolutely, in the middle of the street.
And how do you reach when you hear that?
I act like they're not talking to me because it's not what they call you, it's what you answer to.
Has it gotten any better since the first black president of the United States or not?
Yes, it's not so much that it's gotten better.
You know, the people whoever were in the Madison Avenue store when they saw Oprah Winfrey, they immediately thought black woman can't afford this so why am I letting her in?
Right.
What do you think of Oprah linking the Emmett Till case to this?
Clearly, the facts and circumstances were very much different but in terms of it being pivotal and starting a discussion, and starting a turn, I think she's exactly right.
You think he's innocent?
No, it's not that I think he's innocent.
-- did he actually say it's not true?
If you get told today that they no longer want you here at CNN, I guarantee you, you going to ask them to go through the process.
Tell me not to?
I will tell you, please shut up and let me do the talking.
Why are you starting with him?
No.
Does it matter what people are like?
Well, first of all, I don't know what is wrong with the way Hillary looks now.
I'm curious?
I invited her.
You know when -- when folks leave the White House?
Yes.
What do you think about this?
Well, I think it's a very dangerous thing and not just in Libya but also in Syria.
He -- he gets Benghazi and I get boobies?
Benghazi guy go to guy for the boobies.
Does it matter, Josh?
I mean, look, the first amendment applies to all Americans including students in schools.
Now, that's real family entertainment, isn't it?
The point that I make is that goddamnit, I do think that you glorify on public television homosexuality.
What is your -- your personal reaction to the fact that the Graham family that you served under for so long have finally sold out now to, you know, a -- a dot-com billionaire?
Well, first great sadness given the contribution of the Graham family to journalism, to the national good health in terms of promoting a kind of reporting that serves everybody in this country, and a kind of honesty and a kind of principled management.
Where is the line to be drawn between what the guardians say and Glenn Greenwald and on behalf of Snowden have been doing and where the public interest lies?
Look, it's always a tough call.
Did you see it by any chance?
I saw it in an -- in an early cut.
But did your view of Nixon -- has it changed over the years?
Yes.
Do you think we're (ph) forgiving (ph) of him with history?
No, I'm more empathy to his demons, I would say.
How are you dealing with all the attention that comes with the fact you may be the first ever NFL official, female?
You know, Piers, what -- well, when I get to thinking about this, I've never worked a preseason where there's been more focus on the next season.
I mean, what's it like when you get out there with these honking (ph) guys?
They're professionals.
Are they going to go to the football, want to instinctively shout at the referee for some terrible call and discover it's their mom?
Well, I always tell them if I'm coaching them or being a mom to them, that don't ever be in a game whenever you're playing or sitting back watching and let the official make one play that you think blew the game.
Have you had some surprising messages of support and goodwill from people?
Yes, I have.
You nervous?
No...
What do you make of A-Rod, that little cheat down the road at the Yankees?
I really don't have any comments on that, Piers.
Do you have a favorite team -- a favorite NFL team?
No, I don't.
The longer this goes on do you get a bigger sense of foreboding about what may have happened to Hannah?
I absolutely do, especially if she's terrified having seen quite possibly what happened to her mother and possibly her kid brother, and she's in the clutches of this man.
Will they build any kind of new property there?
Well, they're talking about possibly a garden.
What is your reaction, first of all, to the scenes in Cleveland?
You know, I just think it's a wonderful way of putting this all behind and starting to move forward.
And given the awful experience that you had to endure as a father, and it ended obviously happily for you but ends disastrously for so many, given that it ended well and it has done for these three victims in Cleveland, what is the best advice you would give them and indeed their families around them for how they can make a proper recovery?
Well, you know, I think everyone's journey through that recovery is different.
But what can you say to him?
You know, my -- my advice is to stay positive and to, you know, just keep the pressure on.
Is that your understanding of what happened here?
From the sounds of it, it comes across as a tragic recipe of disaster.
I mean, is it the kind of thing that that kind of African rock python would do if it got out of the cage and found itself near two young boys like that?
Well, in the wild scenario, the ecosystem where this creature lives, they are known as being an aggressive species of snake.
Should anybody have these kind of things in a home environment (INAUDIBLE)?
I think it's only in specialized situations should private citizens have large snakes like this.
Are we now seeing some of the more deadly effects of global warming on the wildlife in the arctic?
ORWIN: It is -- Piers, it's very quite possible.
You changed your mind?
I -- I have.
So when -- when New York Mayor Bloomberg was reported to say medical marijuana is the greatest hoax of all time, what do you say to that?
I'm surprised.
How quickly do you expect this to work?
Within like the first five minutes.
Sanjay?
Well, I mean, look, the -- it can be difficult to -- to sort of stratify the legitimate patients who have use for cannabis, not only as a medication but as the only medication for their sufferings.
Why (ph) -- isn't there an inconsistency in government policy?
I -- I think so.
Have you tried it?
I have -- I have tried it.
Well, what effect did it have on you compared to, say, drinking alcohol or whatever?
Well, you know, the irony isn't in some ways because I work on this documentary.
Why do we want to support that?
OK.
Tough guy now?
Yes, yes, I am.
Is that British humor?
It is my British humor.
Should he still be campaigning against this woman that you've supported today?
You know, I think whether or not he is, isn't really the question.
Or is he talking a lot about bunk (ph)?
You know, Anthony Weiner is asking New Yorkers for a second chance.
Third chance?
But look, this is a serious job.
Is he trivializing just by staying in the race, given all that's been going on?
Well, I think what this reminds us of is that when you take on a position like mayor of New York, you're a role model in one respect or another.
Your chances have got significantly better with Anthony Weiner's latest mishap, haven't (ph) they (ph)?
You know, I -- I felt good about my chances from day one.
Do you think, as I do, that he's one of the great cheats in sporting history and should be kicked out of baseball?
Disgraceful.
What is your reaction to what has happened here with your longtime friend James DiMaggio?
Obviously, it's been a tragedy from the beginning for me.
You, Berry and James DiMaggio have gone on regular camping trips together, is that correct?
That's correct, yes.
What kind of man is he?
Yes.
Do you think there is credence to that family?
You know, there is always a possibility of something.
Just to clarify -- just to clarify, you mean Hannah, not Megan?
I'm sorry, yes.
Any upheaval with a partner or with a business or anything?
PANSWICK: You know, if anything, his life, I believe, was getting simpler.
What is her state of mind?
She really believes that she's not getting a fair shake and that Jim especially isn't getting a share shake, that, you know, everybody is very upset and it's tragic what's happened.
Was he seeing anybody currently that you are aware of?
Not that I know of.
Right, and Berry, obviously, again, Smokey Robinson's son, do you know if Smokey is aware of this connection and what has happened?
Berry -- Smokey is not really -- I mean, I think Smokey is probably twice, probably once at Berry's wedding and maybe one other time.
Was he somebody that had any kind of military training or training with explosives or access to this kind of thing?
You know, there is a couple things that I find interesting.
There was no problem there?
I would say beyond that.
What would you say to him?
Well, if that were the case -- I mean, I don't necessarily know if that's the case.
What do you make of it?
Well, he's certainly hoping it isn't his friend and we live in such a litigious society, Piers, that probably you and I both should say that this man is accused of kidnapping this girl and murdering her mother and probably her brother.
Is there anything inherently wrong anyway in networks running documentaries or drama series on big political figures of the time?
ICH: No, and they do it all the time.
Do you think that she can win, or has her time come and gone?
I have no idea whether she'll run or not.
What if it was Chris Christie?
I think --
Do you think he can actually win the general election?
Probably not.
Is there a chance?
But look, this is a serious job.
Is he the most shameless politician in American history?
Well, that's --
Does it really matter the forum he chooses?
Absolutely not.
You know, is there a -- is there an opportunity there for people to make a stand, perhaps even consider a boycott and say no, you're not going to behave in this Dickensian (ph) way?
I hope so.
And in terms of Edward Snowden, what -- what is your overview where we are with him?
In limbo and at least we're out of that hotel.
What is served here this (ph) fast (ph) and particularly, if he's about to start grilling some of his victims?
You know, it is a farce.
How are you?
Oh, I'm doing great, Piers.
Are you basically signaling that you're back in the race again?
What I'm -- what I'm signaling is that I -- yes, I think it's a very important time in our country's history and particularly, and as I talked about here tonight within the Republican Party, and you know, we see a lot of debate and division there.
You must know Iowa pretty well because I think from memory, you went to them like 350 different parts of it, didn't you, in the last Republican Nominee race?
Yes, we did.
The gap between the rich and poor in America, is it -- is it still the economy driving most people's concern?
Yes, I -- I think it is.
Can we expect to see you and Reince Priebus bouncing back on the airwave saying what a great idea it was after all?
Well, I guess the whole point is, you know, what makes Hillary Clinton such a unique individual that she would be treated barely differently than any other politician I can think of.
Are you comfortable with that one?
Well, I don't know how comfortable I'd be on (ph).
How is she doing?
Well, I -- I -- I announced some exciting news -- personal news that we're actually doing a small audition to our -- our house because we have to put an elevator in and handicapped bathroom and bedroom because Bella is going strong and doing great.
How are you?
I'm doing great.
Tell me what happened?
Well, just like you said, I was spear-fishing.
Did you think that you -- you had it -- it was like, kill or you how were you feeling at that moment?
You know, I'll -- I'll tell you, to be honest with you, I believe with all my heart that God sustained me in that moment of time to give me no fear and no worry, no anxiety.
What is it with you and monkeys?
I don't know.
Or is he picking you out for special attention?
I think that he's -- he's continually challenging me to trust him, which is what I believe that we all need to do through hard times, through good times, through bad times.
Why do you think monkeys dislike him so much?
Well, one time was kind of my fault actually.
Is that -- is that what I'm hearing?
More or less.
How are you feeling about it all?
It's still a lot to take in.
Are you going to be back to normal?
I think so.
I mean, if the good lord is watching tonight, and I'm sure he is, would you like him just to lay off you a bit for a while?
Absolutely not.
And playing the lottery?
No, I don't play the lottery.
Paul, from everything we're gleaning from all this, from the eyewitness accounts, the encounter with random strangers, from the car, et cetera, we clearly think they are in that vicinity but do we think they are there together as sometime of couple, that they may have established a relationship?
Well, I pressed the sheriff on that very question, Piers.
Does that matter at this time of year or can you survive quite easily, given it's pretty warm?
Well, we don't -- right, we don't have any of the extreme temperatures, however, again, I mean, this is not -- you're not going to have easy access to food in this area.
What is your reaction to that?
Well, first, I'd like to say that the information I am about to tell you, I've already notified the FBI about three hours ago when I became aware of it and told the FBI which I got directly from Laura Robinson.
Can he survive pretty easily in that kind of terrain from your experience?
No, and that's one of the things that, you know, has got me more concerned with a small backpack they are looking at several days of being in the woods.
But given what you know now, do you fear that you may have been too optimistic in terms of believing he may be an innocent victim?
I wouldn't say I was defensive or optimistic.
Was she unnerved by it?
Oh, yes, definitely, as well as me and Hannah were.
In terms of what she said to you about James DiMaggio, is it possible at all do you think that she could have gone off with him willingly?
Absolutely not.
Is it possible, Alan, that Hannah may be totally unaware about what happened to her mother and to her brother and this and that she's absconded with this man and gone on some crazy adventure completely unaware about what he's done?
She may be unaware of her mother and brother's death, but I feel like even if she is, she knows something is wrong because she would never go off to Idaho and across four states with him, without knowing anything.
I mean, Hannah, what would you say James DiMaggio is like from what she's told you and what you may have seen and heard yourself?
Well, he was -- he was a very nice person that you could easily get along with and he was just always there for Hannah for anything and just -- just a really nice sensitive person, I guess, you would say.
And, finally, Alan, if by any chance Hannah is near a television and may see this now or when we repeat the show later, what would you say to her?
Just that, I mean, we're looking for her and we came across his car and that we are looking for her.
Do you think he planned it because of the psychological trauma perhaps of his death?
Well, let's get real here, Piers.
Given the fact that we have an eyewitness now, who was on horseback and claimed to see them and saw no sign of unwillingness on the part of the woman that he believed to be young Hannah and the fact that the investigators saying the fire and kidnapping seem to be a very well-planned event, can we rule out, John, despite the father's understandable total distress and desperation to get her back, can we rule out, given all that, that Hannah may be completely unaware of what he did to her brother and her mother, and that she may have gone on what she believed to be just an adventure with this man?
Well, let's hope that's the case, but no one, unless -- until the story is over and no one who has walked in the shoes of Hannah, unless they have walked in those shoes, has any right.
Do you believe that that is a good positive sign that he hasn't gone away and just killed her?
ALSH: No, absolutely, absolutely.
That's pretty unusual for a mother not to get custody at all in that kind of case, and that probably explains her desperation to try and resolve that today using the swimming pool incident as an excuse?
Yes, we don't know exactly why it is Tameka Foster Raymond did not get custody of the two boys.
Is she going to carry on trying to get custody, do you think?
She is going to carry on.
Will this become something that we see in real life?
There is another question --
This is in England?
You can do the weather here in New York.
This is the stuff of madness, isn't it?
No, this is exactly what makes the NRA and its supporters look insane.
I mean, what is the mentality of people marching down to their Starbucks which sells coffee, and taking their firearms to make some fatuous point, in a place that's been desecrated by gun violence?
Well, I didn't agree with the Newtown march.
What about that right?
That is where the Constitution comes in, you don't get to impose your view of the Second Amendment on your fellow citizens if your state has decided that those citizens can carry concealed weapons.
They can't go into a Starbucks and get a coffee like you can?
No.
But do you know where she was, for example, when James DiMaggio picked her up, or whether she went along with any part of this voluntarily?
Yes.
How do you describe her state of mind after all this?
Well, I think she's got to be devastated as you expect.
What can you tell me about how your inquiries have gone in that regard?
Yes, we have a lot of interviews, we're still conducting, we're examining the evidence we seized from the fire here in Boulevard, as well as the crime scene investigations in Idaho.
What was your reaction when you heard how it all ended?
You know, I was very relieved that Hannah was saved.
Tell me about this?
Yes, I can now confirm that, I wasn't able to talk about it before for obvious reasons.
And this incident with this 16-year-old girl the father had, what do you know about that?
I can confirm that everything that's been reported by the woman who's been speaking out is absolutely accurate.
What -- do you think this is what is really behind all this?
I'm positive that he had a suicidal plan.
What kind of parallels did you see with this case and yours, and what advice would you give to Hannah Anderson about how you recover from it?
The parallels between my abduction and Hannah's abduction are the fact that we were both abducted by family friends.
And to hold down normal relationships, perhaps, with men as you get older?
I think it all depends upon what your early childhood was like.
What do you think should happen in that situation?
From the media reports that I read, it seems like the abductor said something to Hannah that showed that he was infatuated with her or was in love with her, in some sort of inappropriate way.
What's the most effective thing you've been able to do for yourself, that's made you recover in that way?
For me, I definitely think that I have moved toward almost a full recovery.
The more you've seen of this case, what do you think is the most likely motivation for -- a simple infatuation or a mixture of an infatuation coupled with all the trauma that James DiMaggio clearly endured at the hands of his own father?
I think it's a combination of both.
I mean, in a way, it's a classic abuser turned -- abused person turned abuser, isn't it?
Right.
ORGAN: Did you at any stage see anything looking back from his behavior that could possibly have led you to think he might one day be this kind of violent or to kidnap somebody?
You know, it's -- in hindsight, it's -- you know, I keep looking back, and I've been thinking about it for the past five days, and it's still very much sort of a no.
He must be wrestling with all this, wondering, how could this have happened?
Absolutely, deception, lies, hurt.
What did you make of what she said and what advice specifically for Hannah Anderson given the trauma, not just her own ordeal, but what she's now discovered about her mother and brother?
I think the bottom line is that she needs to heal, the way to heal is to start to go through the funeral or whatever services are going to be so those feelings can come out and then get into some good solid treatment.
Are you back in therapy?
I -- you know, apparently you never go out of therapy.
And so (ph) my overriding question today (ph) is is he really going to stay in this race, or does the sense that you were getting from your encounter with him suggest that perhaps even he knows the game may be up?
No, he sure didn't seem happy to be there.
Do you know what her role on -- in Hillary's 2016 campaign is going to be?
I do.
What will it be?
I'm not telling you.
Do you feel like you've damaged her place in that world?
I feel that what I've done has hurt her, yes.
Was that your reading of that?
Well, my first take takeaway was just a clarity of the assumption from somebody who's, you know, one career (ph) move, one of the closest people to Hillary Clinton that she's running -- the unquestioned assumption that she's running.
The one question that actually I got most from like BuzzFeed staff and -- and the internet was -- was why not use Snapchat?
I don't have a good answer to that.
Could he make another comeback?
I asked him that.
...it felt like, you know, where are you?
Well, Ben, congratulations.
Star, are you impressed by Anthony Weiner's latest fight-back interview?
I don't know why, but I -- what keeps coming through my head is something Al Pacino would say every time I try to get out, you pull me back in, Anthony Weiner, with this entirely ridiculous interview.
...the (ph) sort of thing is it -- you know, it made him a bit of a laughing stock, didn't it?
A lying and a laughing stock.
But just broadly speaking, Star, on -- on the question of Hillary Clinton in 2016, can Huma stay as her right-hand woman, do you think, without damaging Hillary politically?
The biggest problem has been that Huma has always been the sort of stalwart second to Hillary without any question.
Is that your take?
And she's speaking to a constituency that she's going to need.
Do you share the outrage over Bo and his freebie?
I really -- well, from what I understand, and I'm only going to go on what I've actually heard on CNN right now is that the dog was on the helicopter or the -- with a bunch of staffs.
What do we do about it?
Well, it may be broken but it's still quite frankly the best system that they have across the world.
Is it -- is it, though?
Now, all...
How can that be good justice?
ONES: But three strikes you're out is supposed to be with good judgment.
And should we start to forgive Paula Deen and allow her back into civilized society?
Well, you know, what's -- what's interesting about this is I -- I'm of two minds.
Would you agree with that?
I..
...should we be slightly more forgiving, given she brought this out herself?
You know, I would actually probably agree with you on that.
Do you think that they were on top of this and managed to stop something from happening?
I think that their feeling is look, first, they had to put it out in public because they were closing so many U.S. embassies.
What is the significance do you think of this?
Piers, I think it can't be understated.
Have they perhaps caused a bigger problem going forward?
No, Piers.
Obviously, a very happy ending to this, as indeed it was in your case, but tell me how you feel about what he's been going through and what advice you would give them as a family going forward?
Well, you know, you're on this roller coaster certainly with the death of his wife and son that had to be, I would almost say, catastrophic, and then to not know whether your daughter was still alive or not for a period of time, you know, we had that roller coaster effect emotionally that, you know, we would hear that a body had been found or a burned body or bones or, you know, any type of scenario out there.
What is the latest in the situation down there?
We're in negotiation stages with the individual that's in the bank.
And do you believe that he is heavily armed?
Well, we do understand that he is armed.
This situation in Newtown, is it not disconcerting that in the very place where we saw this horrendous massacre that we see such a spike in gun sales?
Well, I'm attracted to these stories on gun sales as in Virginia, as into other states that you mentioned because they demonstrate that more guns equal less crime, and I think it's important that we understand that when you or President Obama or whoever supports forcibly disarming the American citizenry, we make the vulnerable more vulnerable.
Why not America?
Well, I think that's a great question.
Would you want your wife to be armed were she in that position?
Why don't we take a woman who was in this very position, a woman who armed herself to the teeth, as it turned out, to protect herself exactly in the way that you're talking about.
In America?
No, I haven't looked at those stats on that.
Can I say one other thing, Piers?
Well, no, because here is the point, Mr. Hawkins.
And you know what the good news is?
- the highest murder rate in the country.
Is it unthinkable, S.E., that he could he could just fast-tracked to become a Democratic presidential nominee even as early as 2016?
It's not unthinkable.
What do we make of this, S.E.?
Look, the Atlantic had a piece recently and Congressional Research Center also has debunked this.
S.E. Cupp, what is your view of stop and frisk?
Look, I -- I don't believe that fairness should be a -- a motivating factor for law enforcement.
But what do you think of this particular incident where the Swiss are pretty upset about it?
Well, they're upset because it's Oprah.
Really?
Really.
What should she have done?
Well, clearly, she didn't want to talk about it in public because she's backtracking now.
What should she have done instead of talking about it?
Well, no one asked her to talk about it.
Would that satisfy you?
Absolutely, she's -- she's -- she's welcome to.
Do we all agree?
That's true.
Is it absolutely terrifying?
Absolutely terrifying, absolutely surreal.
And how important was the man standing to your left, Richard Shanley who has emerged as one of the great heroes of what happened?
He's absolutely a hero.
Did you feel at the time that you, yourself may not get out of this alive?
No, sir, I didn't think about that.
What is your take on what is happening here?
You know, covering this throughout the day, watching the clashes beginning to spread and intensify across the capital, hearing the reports of clashes breaking out elsewhere, angry mobs of supporters of ousted President Mohamed Morsi, even attacking churches, it felt as if one was beginning to see the very edges of Egyptian society fraying.
And the obvious question, Arwa, I guess, is do you believe that journalists including yourself are coming under deliberate attack here or is it simply being caught up in the general mayhem?
AMON: It's difficult to judge that.
How bad do you think this is going to get?
Well, it's really scary and just heartbreaking to see.
Why are the Americans persisting and pretending otherwise?
Well, it's really an issue of semantics.
What do you make of all this?
Well, I think there's a lot more to this story probably than that's -- we really understand at this point.
Where is her mother and father to not know that this guy is creepy and she feels creepy about him?
It does seem strange.
What do you read into all this?
Well, I mean, the same thing that you're saying.
I believe you've taken some today as you would every day, is that correct?
Well, you know, here's something -- we haven't had a chance to talk for quite awhile.
But what is your response to the criticism you've had this week?
Well, look, a lot of the criticism I think, you know -- first of all, you talk to a guy like Montel and he's been ahead of the curve on this, frankly.
Why are you so opposed to this?
Well -- well, I oppose medical marijuana -- I want to really start by saying that there is a lot that I do agree with, with both Sanjay and Montel.
So the classification seems to be completely wrong, doesn't it?
Well, you know, I think that there has been difficulty in studying cannabinoids largely because of a confluence of circumstances that -- that were brought up in the special and in other interviews that we've seen on CNN.
That can't be right, can it?
Right.
Where do you think this is all going to go?
I think that now that we have more doctors and even Dr. Levy agrees, we need to do the research.
What did you make of what happened?
Well, you know what, frankly, it was sad, Piers, the story that she told.
But in the end, there (ph) was a picture built that helps AEG in the sense of Jackson's clear long-time use of propofol and all these doctors -- not just Conrad Murray queuing up to supply it for him?
I think it helped Kathryn Jackson and -- and Michael's children, Piers.
If he was just using Conrad Murray as he had many other doctors to give him what he wanted, does that not in a way help AEG's case, too?
Well, but that's not what I think happened.
So right now, dollar-for-dollar, Tom, your money would be on AEG losing this case?
That's what I think.
But what do you think about that, and the -- the fact that she's revealing all this information?
Well, I think what's so shocking about it, if -- if this is, in fact, Hannah who's speaking to the public.
Right, I mean, Alyona, it does seem a little odd, doesn't it?
It's -- it's definitely odd but at the same time I think that...
Alyona, when we look at Bradley Manning and Edward Snowden and all these whistleblowers in various ways, are they heroes to you?
Absolutely.
Now, finally, one word, hero or villain, Bradley Manning?
It's not our job to weigh in on that.
How dangerous could it be, do you think?
Well, the Muslim Brotherhood is known for its solid coordination.
Mr. Speaker, how are you?
I'm doing well.
This is all a bit of fast, isn't it?
Sure.
Because what happens if other countries now, emboldened by what they've seen in Egypt, emboldened by President Obama's reaction, if their military rise up and take control, and say well, hang on, it's not a coup, it's exactly the same as what's happening in Egypt?
You know, the practical reality is that the American military is very often a stabilizing and in the long-run modernizing force and they're having a relationship between the American military and local militaries is often very good.
What is the proper course of action now, do you think, for President Obama to take?
I think the proper course of action is to be very, very steady.
And what has happened to the idealistic dream of the Arab spring?
I don't think we're right back where we were, Piers, because in 2011, two and a half years ago there was the excitement and the enthusiasm about -- and hope for a democratic process, and that has been killed now, and we have hundreds and hundreds of dead people and their blood on top of that.
At what point, if it seems to be just basically something that could help people who are sick, or can be used recreationally like alcohol and tobacco, why bother being so anti of it being legalized?
Well, first of all, most of the studies have been done at the National Institute of Health do indicate that there are impacts on people's brains that are real.
Well, what is your view of that?
This is such stupid childish overreaction that I'm astonished.
Yes?
I think it's all a bit ridiculous.
The question then becomes, is that acceptable if a certain element of society, from a certain race, are committing a certain type of crime?
Well, let me, first of all, say about stop-and-frisk that every time I get on an airplane I'm stopped and frisked, and I accept that as a part of travel in America, and every person who travels is stopped and frisked, and it happens to all of us.
How would you feel -- how would you feel if 85, 90 percent of all those who are frisked at airports were black or Latinos?
Well, how about --
But of course there isn't really, is there?
Well, here's --
That's a pretty expensive experiment in terms of lives of young black men who will be killed?
Well, it is.
Casey, what was happening there tonight and how would you describe Hannah Anderson's demeanor?
What's been going on here actually all day, Piers, has been a fundraiser for Hannah Anderson and her family.
Casey, just -- just quickly, what does the family intend to do with the money that's being raised here?
Well, they're not saying what they intend to do with it.
But what do you think?
I'm not surprised at all.
It sort of creates a -- a potential picture that maybe at the start of this, she thought she was going on some new adventure, oblivious to the mayhem he had caused without her knowing about her mother and her son being killed -- and her brother being killed?
Absolutely, Piers.
But it certainly, it answers some of the questions about why perhaps when they met complete strangers on horseback, she didn't immediately raise a red flag?
Absolutely.
But what other things should she be doing, do you think?
O: I think there's a big part of families who have been traumatized to try to normalize everything and try to bring everything back to a stable point.
But also very fascinating about Paris Jackson, Michael's daughter and the trauma, in particularly, that she has suffered?
Yes, this was the most emotional part of the day.
You've got the look, the face, the -- the -- you probably sing as well, right?
Yes, I do.
How would you describe the reality of what her life has been like?
You know, it's rough.
What kind of things?
Well, he taught them to always listen and to watch everything that's around them and to pay attention, you know.
How is Kathryn dealing with this trial because it must be a big ordeal for her to so many painful details and revelations about Michael being regurgitated?
It's hard for my grandmother.
How would you describe being a Jackson?
By (ph) questions -- you know, I don't know, to me, it's normal.
What would the Jackson family -- what would Paris and Michael's other children -- what does everybody want to happen here?
Have justice.
And then what would you see justice as being?
For the truth to come out and it is coming out.
What do you believe the truth is?
I don't even want to get there.
That's what the family thinks?
Yes, all of us.
Do you think the trial is going the right way?
Yes, yes.
Do you know Debbie?
You know, I met her once.
Is she engaged in at all?
No.
She's trying to avoid it?
No.
But actually, it does have really damaging effects, doesn't have, on the victims to have to put up with this kind of harassment?
It does, Piers.
Peggy Shannon, when you hear him being apparently so contrite, do you forgive him or -- or not?
Well, I'm a very good woman to where I can forgive somebody that has done wrong to me.
Did you hear other stories?
Well, people are surprised that, as a great grandmother, that this happened to me.
And we're looking forward to the outcome of that investigation and the decision by the attorney general of California as to whether or not they want to proceed with criminal charges or not and if so, for whom?
Peggy Shannon and Gloria Allred, thank you, both, very much for indeed for coming on.
In a nutshell, what is this all about?
Well, I was diagnosed with cancer in 2006, and I used cannabis as a last resort to heal myself and was able to stabilize myself.
All of you, you've all got children?
Yes, yes.
You have a 2-year-old I think, right?
Right.
The obvious question say well you can't take cannabis and take care of your 2-year-old child on your own, can you?
I completely disagree with that.
What is your dosage?
I like to eat like maybe half of a cookie, one whole cookie is a little too much for me, depends on the strength.
Do you feel a physical and mental benefit from taking cannabis?
Yes, I do.
Why do you feel that?
Because I was real sick, and they put me on these -- a lot of medications and I started consuming cannabis and they had to do surgery.
So, it reduced -- it reduced the pain?
Yes.
And it also reduced anxiety, you believe?
Yes.
And you all found that?
Absolutely.
And this comes to the central knob of this whole debate for me anyway, which is -- is cannabis, marijuana, is it any different in terms of the potential harm to a parent, to a mother, to a wife, to anybody than alcohol?
Absolutely.
Do you think it's less harmful, more harmful, the same?
No, it's less harmful.
Knowing that, would you be happy for your kids to take cannabis from teenage years?
Well, I want to address one thing a moment ago.
You call it coming out of the closet then?
Yes.
Secret marijuana use?
Yes.
But what are the downsides that you have to be careful of?
You have to be careful, just like any prescription drugs, we keep it very safe, locked away from our daughter.
By the way, why are you known as that?
Well, I was one of the first women to come out of the closet from the corporate sector and not only that but I had a magazine, that I built $6.5 million company.
And you must be thinking -- no disrespect you must be thinking if this carries on being legalized all over America, this is the biggest ka-ching your business is ever going to see, isn't it?
This is the green rush.
What do you say?
I say that you need to educate your children.
Could you make edible cannabis, right?
ACHADO: Yes, I do.
So, what do you make?
I make cookies.
Any variety?
Anything and everything you can do.
I mean, how has it worked?
Absolutely.
What was the preconceived view and what did you come out with?
I mean, I think the preconceived view for me when I went to this place is that it was going to be, you know, a little sleazy.
Were you surprised how easy it was to get a medical marijuana license?
Yes, it's pretty -- it's pretty simple.
And in terms of the overall debate, has your view about the marijuana debate changed at all?
I mean, when you look at a state like California where -- and the dispensary that I was in is the largest dispensary in the United States.
And also, you know, I would assume as I've just interviewed one of these pot moms with a thriving business, it will create a whole new world of jobs anyways, wouldn't it?
That's right.
What is the reality of that war?
The reality of that war is very, very dangerous communities and is a nightmare for law enforcement.
So, David Evans, I mean, you know, that's all undeniably true and you wish to continue to criminalize marijuana, why?
Well, first of all, it's not undeniable true.
If it's no more harmful, why not legalize it?
Piers, you're very poorly informed on the dangers of marijuana.
You're painting a very apocalyptic picture here, Mr. Evans, have you taken marijuana yourself?
Yes, I smoked pot in college, of course.
Neill, your reaction to all this?
Piers, I think most of your listeners know that the information that Mr. Evans is giving us right now is false.
The very dark, gloomy picture he was painting?
Yes.
And from everything that you have gleamed in the making of the documentary over the last year, as you say, a very intensive study you've done on this, is there any logical scientific backed reason why if tobacco and alcohol are legalized, marijuana should not be legalized?
I really can't find that.
What are we doing?
This country is already seriously medicated.
I mean, what do I tell my 12-year-old who says to me, hey, dad, I thought marijuana was bad for you and they are talking about legalizing it?
Let me go to Sanjay.
Sanjay, what is your reaction to how Samuel says there?
Look, I mean, he's taking a very safe path here.
Do you think it should be a schedule one substance?
See, to that to me sounds absolutely ridiculous.
So you would decriminalize all drugs?
No, I wouldn't make them legal.
There would have to be some kind of misdemeanor, because what am I going to do -- tell my children is marijuana and heroin is as safe as an aspirin?
So you would fine people but you wouldn't imprison them.
Sanjay, I don't know if you touched at all, Sanjay, your documentary, but in terms of the way America is now trying to legislate this, what do you think is the most sensible course of action?
It's extraordinary, Piers, if you think about it.
Is there scientific research that supports the theory, if you're under 25, it could have more effect on you emotionally, psychologically that when you're over 25?
The most definitive data has revolved around two areas.
I mean, aren't we being irresponsible to our children to set them up to have another thing out there to get more dysfunctional and have more problems emotionally?
Well --
Don't we have a responsibility?
I think we do a responsibility.
What are the key conclusions that you personally have drawn about the marijuana debate?
Well, that we're going about it all wrong.
What is the argument you've heard against what you think that has made the most sense to you?
I haven't really heard any that make sense.
You think all the arguments are kind of based on traditional views of I just don't like drugs, full stop?
RENIER: Yes, I think we've sort of carried of this tradition of this war on drugs where all drug dealers are bag and drug dealers are evil and we should treat them as such by throwing them into jail.
How do you tackle the easing of legislation perhaps with marijuana with the harder stuff?
I think we need to educate the youth of America.
Is there a coherent argument that all drugs should be legalized and controlled?
I personally can't see any reason why that shouldn't be on the table.
This morning?
Only on set.
Is it going to happen?
Yes.
Is that a definite?
RENIER: Look, if it doesn't, I will pack my bags and move and you'll never see me again.
I should be confident?
Yes.
How many could you use?
Two or three.
Is that how you saw it?
Originally a little bit.
But what do you think of the way the governor has gone about this generally?
He didn't really kind of want to listen to anything.
You know?
Right.
I mean, Meghan, to put it into perspective for viewers, how many seizures can Vivian have in a day?
You know, Vivian on a good day will have, you know, maybe 10 seizures and those are myoclonic seizures.
Brian, the reality of the actions that Governor Christie took on Friday, when does that mean that you could actually use edible marijuana for Vivian legally in New Jersey?
Well, today it just went -- the conditional veto just got approved by the Senate in New Jersey.
Are you tempted to take Vivian out of New Jersey and go somewhere like Colorado, for example, where it's all completely legal?
Absolutely.
And how is she at the moment, would you say, Brian?
Today she was pretty good.
You did the first nappy change?
I did the first nappy, yes.
He seemed very relaxed in that interview and happy to talk?
Yes.
You were comfortable there?
Yes.
The new, mature dad Prince William?
He's extraordinarily appealing.
To me, it sounds utterly absurd but what do you think of it?
Well, (INAUDIBLE).
Are you applauding Ms. Mayer for this?
It was a very unlikely picture in a way for Marissa Mayer because she's very sort of cool and almost Nordic in sort of an aloof beauty and charm and shyness.
Abby, first of all, how are you?
I'm good.
How are you?
ORGAN: Well, better than you last week.
Tell me what was going through your mind when this bear was coming towards you?
What was going through my mind was, "There's a bear attacking me.
So what made you remember that?
Well, first I ran because I was terrified so I just started running and then it just took me down.
When the bear attacked you, what did it actually do to you?
When the bear attacked me, it just clawed me and it was like growling and it -- yes, it was scary.
Where were you when this happened, Chris, and what was your reaction when you found out what was going on?
I was inside the house.
Did you see the bear?
No, I didn't.
I mean, Abby, when that bear left, that must have been one of the best moments of your life, wasn't it?
Yes but it was almost one of the most terrifying.
How's she going to call you?
She's had a few and she's lost a few, and she just didn't happen to have one at the time.
Are you on Facebook?
Yes, I'm on Facebook.
I mean, you must be loving this, aren't you?
It's been wonderful.
I mean, does every prominent black star in America have similar stories to tell?
Oh, I'm sure they do.
Lee, do you think that America is a more or less racist country since Barack Obama became president?
Wow.
Have you yourself suffered that kind of racism?
Yes.
Or should they adopt a more conciliatory way of going about dealing with racism?
I think that was the reason why I was attracted to the screenplay, because there's several trains of thought on what's the most affective way to go, but what has happened, I think with our youth today is there's been a real disconnect with the civil rights movement and the history of it.
Is that right?
Yes sir.
What is your view about that debate?
I think at the end of the day, it's a hard one because it is used, it has become a word that we use affectionately, in play.
I mean, in all your time in police work, Captain Evans, have you ever come across anything quite so callous?
No, I haven't.
And final question for you, Captain Evans, just clarify for me, is it right that their explanation was simply that they were bored and they did it for fun?
VANS: You know, I really, as captain of investigations, we have a policy over here that, you know, I can't discuss what anybody's statement is, you know, if anybody discusses that, they are a little bit higher pay grade than me, but -- so I really can't go into the specifics of what any of them said, but one thing I can say about this group is they had the desire to be gangsters.
There's been widespread fury and distress in Australia over this, hasn't there?
There really has.
What is your reaction to what has happened here?
Just for the record, Australia has had zero gun massacres since 1996 and the United States 80 people killed by guns every single day.
Let me just ask you, you were in a conservative government, weren't you, Mr. Fischer?
Yes, I was leader of the Republican Regional Party equivalent, congressman equivalent, in a sense a Dick Cheney or Joe Biden equivalent, deputy prime minister, and I supported strongly John Winston out, and the initiatives for gun law reform and also former Vietnam veteran thanks to the USA, and I have and own guns, which CNN had footage of, as a matter of fact.
What kind of man was Christopher?
Well, he was this kid that started actually at 7 years old at our club playing tee ball which is, you know, looked like a little league type program.
Did he like the idea of buying into the American dream?
Look, look, Chris was such a level-headed kid that I think he knew his downfalls.
What do you make of this?
Well, you know, what often characterized as juvenile violence is a senseless nature.
How empowering is the gun to kids like this?
Well, very much so.
What do you have to say about it?
You know, it breaks my heart that a young man lost his life in such a senseless manner.
What is wrong with the argument in America that makes it so nonsensical?
It's not a partisan issue, especially when there is a dead kid on the ground or -- or in the ground.
Lee, do you think America is more or less racist country since Barack Obama became president?
Wow, that's a powerful question.
What do you think, Star, to that central question of whether Barack Obama's ascent to the White House drew out more racism to America or it was always there and they just made the debate noisier?
I think people just have a little more freedom to have this discussion and to say some of the things that they would normally not say in polite company.
-- what was the difference really?
They didn't throw race.
How fast after you pulling him out did it go up?
As we're walking away, I sit him down and he looks at his car and he goes, "Is that my car on fire?"
Have you heard from Dick Van Dyke?
No.
Yes, right?
But thank you both very much.
A Red Sox fan -- Bill, how are you going to pull that off?
You know, Piers, New York City is a city of immigrants, including immigrants from the Boston area.
So why not go with the glass ceiling and go with old Bill?
I've known Bill for 10-plus years.
The subtle charms of Anthony Weiner haven't -- haven't appealed to you?
Not so far.
Cynthia, if you were doing a slogan for Bill, what would it be?
Bill de Blasio, for a more fairer, more equitable, more just New York.
Is it long?
I think I prefer your daughter's line, Bill.
Not a boring white guy?
Yes, I think that's the best tag line I've ever heard.
What's the address and your emergency?
Yes, ma'am, I'm on 2nd Avenue in the school and the gentleman said tell them to hold down the police officers are coming, he's going to start shooting.
OK?
Tell them to stop all movement.
Martin, that really was quite remarkable to listen to, isn't it?
Absolutely, I mean, that woman is a one-person crisis negotiating team and what is remarkable is that -- it's almost as if that was the role she was born to play on that particular day.
Do we know anything else about her from the school or from anybody else?
No, school officials have not revealed a great deal about her.
How many more times is this kind of thing going to happen before somebody somewhere takes action to try and stop at least some of it?
Well, you know, unfortunately, Piers, we've had this conversation many times over the last year, and the answer is, it's going to be too many times.
What is your reaction to that story?
Well, it's horrific.
How do you tackle this stream of disenfranchised, disaffected, perhaps deranged young -- they're usually white males who commit these mass shootings or have the intent to commit them?
It's very, very difficult to do it.
Why is that?
Well, I think there is a lot of polarization here.
Is that a new prong in your attack?
Sure, we have to keep up with the times and clearly social media is being used to change information, actually to show pictures of guns that were for sale.
Wouldn't that make life easier for everyone in your kind of position as city police chief, just have the same rule in every state relating to guns?
Absolutely.
What is it about the gun itself, the culture of gun ownership, perhaps, which makes it so difficult to have this kind of sensible view of guns around the nation?
Well I think a lot of people simply aren't affected by guns.
Do you think stop-and-frisk is deliberate racial profiling but for a purpose that is, in your eyes, worth doing and successful?
No, it's certainly not racial profiling.
Why is this?
It's a story that's largely been blown up in the media and not exactly accurate.
Is that, as far as you know, true?
There is a lot of speculation.
But was she -- but, Andrew, was she aware, Laura, of any relationship between Christina Anderson and Jim DiMaggio?
We know that the relationship was that Jim played a very key role in the family and was seen as an uncle, obviously.
How did that make you feel, the collective pressure that she was clearly being put under?
Well, I can tell you that I had a very close relationship with my daughter.
What is the lesson, the warning do you think to other parents that comes out of this awful tragedy?
If anything, I think you need to keep tabs on your children's activity on the Internet.
Bob Allard, in terms of the law surrounding all this, what are the issues that have been raised and does the law do enough do you think in situations like this?
Well, civilly we intend to prove that the actions of these young men and young woman was a main factor why Audrie did what she did, and civilly, we intend to prove that those actions did lead to her death.
Were you surprised?
I was a little bit, but over the years of growing up with him it almost seemed like eventually he would do something like this, but not to this magnitude.
You called him Brandon, not Michael, right?
Yes, sir.
What was he like as a kid, and when did things started to go wrong for him?
He was like any other kid.
He'd set the fire up to put the house ablaze?
At that point we didn't know it was him.
We didn't find out it was him until about 5:00, 6:00 a.m. in the morning?
He also stood over your parents holding an ax.
Because he was threatening to use them?
He didn't threaten to use them, it's just after they -- after my mom woke up with him standing over her with a butcher knife, it just changed from there.
How did that make you feel as his brother?
I honestly had no words for it, except fear.
Did you think he meant it?
I did.
Do you feel angry that the system betrayed your family?
I'm not angry.
Are you grateful to her?
Yes --
A guess?
Too many to count.
Do you have any idea where he would have got that?
My opinion on that, he had to get it off the street, and there --
And is that because there is just too many guns in circulation?
It's not even that.
What is it that can be done to try and stop more of them doing this kind of thing?
They need to be looked at more closely.
As a family did you feel in the end -- you had nothing else you could do, that it was a helpless situation for you?
Towards the end before I stopped really talking to him, I felt hopeless at helping him.
The shooting?
Yes.
Do you want to?
Right now I'm honestly not sure.
What do you think will happen to him?
I couldn't tell you.
And nothing happened?
Nothing.
What would you say to her?
Thank you.
What did he say to you?
He just wanted to let me know that him and his wife and his family was very proud of what I did and everybody wanted to thank me.
What did you think of it?
Well, certainly, it's a very troubling statements that his brother indicated to us here on television.
What did you think about her actions, particularly when you heard that 911 call which really has inspired everybody?
What we have seen in the last few days is what I get to see every day as principal.
Dr. Bolden, do you have any idea what her news was that was so devastating?
Not at all and she has the ability to absorb issues that impact her life, and it never perfect -- it never really inhibits her ability to be professional and do what she needs to do.
As a police officer, what did you think of it?
Well, I think there's something to be learned certainly from the actions that she took that day.
What is your quick reaction to that?
Well, you know, I think the thing -- you know, we got to think that through a lot more in this country in terms whether teachers should be armed or not.
Would you like to see your teachers armed?
That's a question that's always been debatable.
What's missing in this story?
They do it every time.
Is it because two of the three alleged killers here were black, therefore it must be a race crime?
We found from some of these tweets which was that he said he didn't like white people and he was planning on going out and killing people, and that would be what many would say is a hate crime.
So how does that work with your this is a one-race gang?
I just said -- I just said --
Right, but well -- yes, but is there actual evidence that he set out deliberately to kill a white person?
I think there is a lot of evidence if you look at what he said in his own words online --
What is your reaction?
Well, first, the idea that the media does not include people like Glenn Beck is ridiculous.
I'm going to respond, OK?
Please do.
You know what I think?
Let me finish.
How do you know that?
You didn't like the police and how they investigated it.
How are you coping as a family?
Well, it's very hard.
How are they coping do you think after this appalling ordeal?
Well, Hannah is trying to be strong because that's what she would do for her mother and that's the way her mother kind of raised her to be strong like she was.
Did you know this man, James DiMaggio, the kidnapper and the man we believe is responsible for killing Christina and Ethan?
I've met him a couple of times but I didn't really know him.
Can you quite believe what has happened here and do you fully understand yet what has happened here?
I don't think it's actually set in.
What do you think has been behind all this?
You know, I have no idea exactly what he had been thinking.
Do you believe that could possibly be true?
Absolutely not.
Why do you think those rumors have been circulating?
I believe it's his sister starting these rumors because of this insurance thing.
How are you all going to deal with that, do you think?
I'm not quite sure yet.
What is your reaction to that?
Well, first of all, I think they are going through the natural process of grief and it's -- as I've been saying all along that at some point there's going to be a need for the family to understand what motivated Jim to do these atrocious acts.
Are you able to shed any more light on all these wild rumors about some relationship between James DiMaggio and Christina, Hannah's mother?
The original stories came to Laura from neighbors in the area that they had believe that Jim had possibly had a relationship with her, and that's where, you know, she got all worried and scared and confused and she's, you know, going through the same grieving process and -- as they are.
Who have you got emerging as winners of the summer?
Wendy Davis, who was the woman who did the filibuster in Texas.
Who else?
And she spoke her mind.
Are you a -- are you a big fan of the -- was the royal baby a winner?
The royal baby is a winner in the sense that the royal baby got actually more focus from the American people than they've done on anything else in the last year.
Winners or losers?
A-Rod is, you know, it's really good to make sure that children are becoming ambivalent about sports, so that they can watch and go, wow, I need him to hit a homerun, but he's done steroids and he's kind of creepy.
Why do you believe you killed your parents?
Well, that's a good question, Piers.
Do you remember watching "The Matrix" repeatedly, watching these video games and the kind of effect it had on you?
When I would watch "The Matrix," I would see myself in that role.
Do you believe now that that was the case?
Well, to put it bluntly, I -- I know that there's something wrong with me in -- in my head.
How much was that playing on your mind, do you think, through this period leading up to what you did?
It impacted me a lot.
Do you remember where you got the gun and were you subjected to any kind of background check?
Yes, I do remember.
And what was your intention, when you purchased the gun, to murder your parents?
Actually, it wasn't.
But did your adopted parents, do you think, have any real idea of what you were going through in your head?
They didn't know, really, what was going on.
They never mistreated you, your adopted parents?
Well, no, my adopted parents, my father was -- he wasn't like that with me, but my mother, she would beat my sister and I a lot.
What was going through your head as you heard that music?
Well, I -- I had been listening to the song for about a year nonstop.
But again, as with the violent video games, do you think that violent musical, video and music can have a -- a profound and disturbing effect on people who may themselves be mentally unstable?
I believe so, especially on the young mind.
And what then happened?
That's a good question.
As you were doing that, what was the sensation that you were experiencing?
Actually, I had no emotion at all.
Even at the moment that you'd realized you'd murdered both your parents, was there any kind of reality check or did you still believe that this was some weird, horrible, violent videogame that you were possibly enacting for real?
Well, the things that went on that night, it really reminded me -- it did remind me of "The Matrix."
What do you say to those people?
Well, I would say that, whenever I talk to anyone about this, I always tell them that I don't blame anyone but myself.
But do you think the system, the mental health system in America should have picked you up earlier?
Yes, absolutely, I agree.
When you've seen the mass shootings at places like Aurora, in the movie theater with James Holmes, and also with Adam Lanza at Sandy Hook -- do you recognize, from everything that you've read about these two shooters, similarities in the way that, perhaps, you were thinking at the time that you committed your atrocity?
OOKE: Absolutely.
Do you think that the easy availability of guns is also a big problem in America for disturbed young men in particular, like yourselves?
Absolutely.
If you had the chance to speak to them again -- which you never will -- but if you did have the chance, what would you say to them?
Well, first, I actually do believe that I will see them again.
Are you -- are you now receiving any kind of treatment or medication for any mental health issues?
No, I'm not.
What did you make of it?
I thought he was extremely candid with you.
How much of that is a problem with these shootings, where unstable young people, who perhaps are disenfranchised from society, want to make a stir for themselves, get in the headlines, become infamous?
Well, 99.9 percent of those who watch the news about Columbine or another shooting identify with the pain and the suffering of the victims, and pray every day that a Columbine will not happen in their school.
You can do it without being mentally unstable?
I get asked that question on the stand all the time in death penalty cases by prosecutors when I'm working for the defense.
And what was he doing with all of his time, watching video games?
Yes.
You agree with that?
Yes, I think here, the video game playing is a symptom, not a cause.
What do you think of the gun aspect of this?
I believe him.
Do you believe that they can just grow out of this, even if they have a condition like schizophrenia?
Well, to some extent, we do know that people are at the violent peak when late adolescence, early adulthood.
Did you believe him?
Yes.
James Fox?
About some things yes, some things no.
Cheryl Olson?
I think -- as -- he said it the way he sees it.
How's it going?
Good.
Are you getting excited for classes?
Oh, yes.
I'm so proud of you, you know?
Our mentorship program matches refugee girls from high school with mentors who work with them during the week.
You have to write an essay, right?
Yes, I want to write about my life.
Now when you saw the car, what did it tell you about what may have happened here?
It told me something was really wrong.
Do you think he has it in him to keep safe in an environment, in the one that he's in now?
Well, Piers, he's a tough kid, he's in great shape, and he's really smart, but I'm afraid that he's not geared up for this environment.
What would you like to say to him?
I would say, hey, we all make mistakes and it doesn't matter how far out you are, or what's happened, we want you to come home.
When you hear a story like the one I've just described about Jonathan Croom, and you see the anguish of his farther, it must bring back very vivid memories for both of you?
Yes, those memories never die, of course, and we wanted to just talk to Mr. Croom.
And what do you say to youngsters who want to follow him -- in Christopher's footsteps like that?
.
Realistically, how easy is it to survive in that situation?
Well, you know, it really depends on what you start with in terms of your physical health and what resources you have.
Do you believe there is a link?
Well, I think common sense would have you think, certainly in the case of this 8-year-old boy, that there is some sort of association here.
What do you think of that phenomenon amongst young people these days?
Yes, I mean, and I've seen this before.
What do you make of it, now that you've had a bit of time to really assess it?
Well, I still think it goes back to his childhood trauma.
Is there enough being done either at the state level or federal level to tackle what many think is the root cause behind so much of the violence?
I completely agree.
So, George Tunis, tell me why you came up with this or why you think it would work?
Our company is an armor company, full of engineers, and throughout the war and several Darfur contracts we were able to create armor that protected our troops overseas.
Can it stop an AR-15 in the hands of somebody like Adam Lanza?
We make all levels of armor, so the armor that we've outfitted many school with -- schools with is NIJ Level 3A, so that's exactly the same armor that would be in a police vest.
Are you supportive of this?
Yes, I am.
I mean, my argument would be, how does this stop somebody like Adam Lanza with an AR-15 and a hundred bullet magazine, for example?
It's a great question.
But you're doing more for genuinely bulletproof doors?
Yes.
And this is the kind of thing you're talking about?
Well, this is -- not -- you know, this is shop (ph) -- we make corporate room ballistic doors out of this.
ORGAN: Are they -- are they prohibitively (ph) expensive?
No.
So schools around America could have these relatively cheaply?
I think so, yes.
Are you a parent yourself?
I have two kids in school.
How do you feel about my just concern about the militarizing of -- of educational process to kids?
You know, I think kids should be able to go to school in a -- in an environment that is not full of fear.
And would that door, would that substance stop an AR-15?
No, this -- this door would not.
He's supportive of a military strike against Syria and its regime?
I think at this point, when America says there's a thin red line in the international community, most civilized nations agree with that.
Why?
I didn't say they got the story wrong.
What is your response to that?
You know, I actually was hoping to see this movie.
Steve jobs?
Ashton Kutcher's impression of Jobs.
What?
Get your (inaudible) feet (ph) out.
What are you going to do, you're going to fire me?
No, I already fired you.
Is that like Steve Jobs?
There were a lot of incidences of Steve Jobs' history that were like that.
Are you hoping the Aaron Sorkin (ph) version, the -- the movie that he is bringing out about Steve Jobs will be a little bit more realistic?
I was hoping this movie would be, a, realistic or if not realistic, it's very excited and entertaining.
You haven't flown since 9/11, right?
I'm the wrong person to ask.
How many hours of sleep do you need in life, Steve?
It depends.
Does that actually happen?
It happened a lot in the old days.
Well, what do and Kanye talk about?
You know, we had some nice discussions about some of his ideas for a business he sees.
You've got $2 bills?
Yes, Steve Wozniak, one of my favorite guests.
Tell us -- the latest mood, I guess, that people want to sense is what is President Assad's reaction likely to be to any strike that comes?
That's a very good question.
And there is incontrovertible evidence to that effect?
Yes, that debate has actually changed over the past couple of days, as well, and some of the video that we're seeing right now is one of the reasons.
General Kimmitt, from a military perspective, what do you believe is the most likely military action that President Obama will take and how effective, in your experience, do you think it will be?
Well, my political judgment is that the administration will not do a lot.
Adam Schiff, I mean, if that is correct, and that seems to be the perceived wisdom about what may be coming, if it's not going to be that effective and isn't really going to dismantle the Assad regime, which is something that most people have been calling for for quite some time now, what's the point of it other than making some kind of political statement?
Well, I think it will be effective if the object is to deter Assad from using chemical weapons again and to deter others around the world from feeling that this is now the new norm, that chemical weapons are just another tool in the military toolbox.
How dangerous is that for President Obama and indeed other world leaders?
Well, I think the main reason that President Obama has not been more decisive is indeed that the public -- the public has no appetite for some kind of broader international military engagement in Syria.
And if he is, why are we not trying to seek to change his regime?
That's right, Piers.
Can I pipe in?
Yes, you can, Nick.
What do you think happened?
In my heart of hearts, I think that Hannah perhaps got herself into a situation that she couldn't get herself out of, and I do believe that my brother gave his life to protect her.
Do you really believe that, Laura?
I do.
Why would he do all this if he was a completely innocent man?
Well, let's start with the first thing that you went over, the booby trapping of the house.
That he was in a shootout with police?
Right.
You don't believe that, either?
Well, I know one thing for sure.
In Idaho?
Yes.
I mean, that's not what a man of his age should be doing?
Fair enough.
Have you answered that to yourself?
I know that he thought of Hannah as a daughter.
You were -- you were very close to James?
Yes.
How close?
He was my best friend.
I've got to put that to you that you just don't want to believe that your brother could be capable of such a monstrous act as the police believe he committed?
Well, again, we're coming back to -- I'm still seeing no evidence, no -- the sheriffs -- the San Diego sheriffs have basically said that the case is closed.
If it wasn't him, who was it?
I don't know.
You think she's just lying?
I'm not going to speak to that.
What do you mean?
I remember very vividly telling my brother, she's trouble.
Piers, can I stop you?
ORGAN: Yes.
Do you think that was linked in some way?
No, I -- I think that, you know, in many ways, they're very different situations.
But was there anything in his behavioral pattern over the years where you thought potentially one day, he could crack up?
You know, the only thing that I could say to that is that Jim was very quiet.
I mean, is it a possibility?
Certainly is a possibility -- anything is a possibility...
What is your reaction?
Well, they have a right to their own opinion.
And if so, why did you do that?
To this day, I have not asked the Andersons.
And do you intend to?
We'll see when the time comes.
Was that a surprise to you?
No, it was not.
Did Brett -- did Brett believe that James had done all this?
So that was...
Did he tell you that?
I think he was a little -- he was a little surprised.
Morgan, how are you?
Great.
How are you, man?
So you're -- you're now the world's pop expert because you made this movie that the entire world's teenage force is clamoring to watch.
And so what is -- what is your reaction to the great twerking controversy involving Miley Cyrus?
I think that the fact that you and I are actually having a conversation about it has proven that she accomplished everything she's set out to do.
It's so important, isn't it, to the brands of these young pop stars?
Well, I think -- I think the biggest thing you've hit on is that it is a machine.
Piers?
It's been pretty wild (ph).
Why did you do this?
PURLOCK: To have the chance to make like a blockbuster, a -- a documentary blockbuster, a film that would appeal to such a major -- major audience was something I was really excited about.
What do you make of what is happening here?
I mean, and the biggest thing for me is you want to make sure that all the information you're getting is accurate.
The trust goes, doesn't it?
And -- and it goes immediately.
It may be targeted but not a chemical weapons depots, but maybe a military target may already be moving and what's the end game from a military point of view, how do you assess this?
Well, Piers, first of all, thank your brother for his service and we appreciate what he's doing.
And Christiane, in terms of the timing of any strike, are there any seen development today in Britain who's always been a key ally course to the Americans on issues like this and military actions like this where David Cameron the Prime Minister was staring defeat in the face on a vote on this and is now going for a second vote next Tuesday, does that mean we are unlikely to see any action even from the United States before that vote is taken place?
That's all pretty hard to say whether the United States will wait for Britain or not.
Are you happy with what has happened?
Well, partially, I'm happy that he is receiving the death sentence.
Is it not a better punishment perhaps that he does sit there thinking about what he did for the rest of his natural life?
Well, no, because when you look at it, I mean, even though he wanted to be put to death, he want to be death in the blaze of glory in battle.
What was the moment like for you when you turned and realized this man that you thought you knew so well had turned rouge enemy?
Well, it was shocking and actually one of the safest places where you can be in our country is on a military base.
What are the long-standing injuries that you've suffered from this?
One of the most important was is post-traumatic stress disorder.
In what way?
Well, my kids cannot come up behind me and just say, "Dad, I love you," without announcing themselves.
They should have identified the threat from Hasan earlier?
Absolutely because there were other signs they were prevalent with major signs activity while he was stationed at Walter Reed, but there are again because he was the first man, an Easterner to go though their program it was kind of like a hands-off approach.
It must have been a relief to you but what are your feelings to him as a human being to human being?
Well, he's a failure.
Barack Obama, President of United States speaking on the 50th anniversary, what more do you need to see that equality and civil rights have marched to Washington and America?
It was a great day.
Why do you think President Obama is weary of going there?
That's a question you'd have to ask him.
Would he not have understood that it's incumbent on any American president, any world leader of a decent civilized country to at least care enough to want to try and do something to prevent more of that happening?
No doubt about it.
Star Jones what do you make here of what she had to say?
Denial is not just a river in Egypt, I guess.
Again?
... and twerking.
First of all can you twerk or not, Star?
First of all that's an impolite question, because a grown adult women should to be twerking unless she is dancing in the bush in Africa or performing on a stage like she's Beyonce.
Why do you feel so enraged by what I thought is a bit of fun from Miley Cyrus?
You know, it was fun for adults and if it's an all-adult venue with all-adults watching, then, hey, bonus, you know.
Shouldn't you, as a responsible parent, stop your children watching this if you felt so delicate about it?
Absolutely.
What's the fan base of One Direction, its girls 8 to 14 or 15?
That's a good point, that's a good point.
And I say, why, why can't she grow up and be a bit naughty like Lady Gaga, like Rihanna, who we revere and say are so wonderfully expressive and creative?
The point of -- the problem is that parents have started to allow, or have, for several years now, allowed televisions, celebrities, reality stars, to be the influencers in their children's lives.
I want to wish Grandma Pauline (ph) a very happy 95th birthday on -- when is it, what day?
We're having the big 95th birthday party on Saturday for 200 people.
Why are you so critical of the president's actions so far in relation to Syria?
Well, first of all, we have watched the Syria evolve into one of the great humanitarian tragedies in recent history.
How did you get around that?
Well, first of all I think it's understandable that Americans are very skeptical and cynical and that's why the actions that we should have been taking and should still be taking have to be explained to the American people and the consequences of widespread conflict -- regional conflict in the Middle East.
Is that the position you take in?
I've only taken it for two years, that's fairly well- known and the fact is when we haven't the situation has deteriorated in the numbers and the tragedies that I just described to you have taken place.
What is your reaction?
Well, I think that we do have a situation, what that calls for some very, very serious consideration for -- of our options.
Is it America's place anymore in the modern world now to be getting involved in other country's civil wars?
Well, I think it's America's place to show leadership in resolving some of these very, very difficult and dangerous situations and you do that in a number of ways.
General Hayden the problem is no one's quite sure what the plan is and President Obama hasn't committed yet to what the plan may be and that plan may now have to dramatically change if British forces will not be involved and that sets a bandwagon running around say, the French and other internal forces he said, "Look, we just can't take part in this," would America consider unilateral military action under those circumstances and how risky is that to America's interest?
No, I think the United States would act unilaterally because President Obama made this commitment for the United States and frankly for himself personally about a year ago.
What does that lead him politically and what would you think is the sensible course of action now?
Well, this is an enormous set back for the Administration.
How dangerous would that be?
It's quite dangerous and it's a separable choice from responding appropriately to what Assad has done with chemical weapons.
But if you are President Obama, what do you do and how soon do you do it?
Well this is the problem, I mean he's going to the G20 group of industrialized nations and for major consultations leaving Tuesday night.
Why do we fear them so much?
I mean chemical weapons there's all sorts of different types of them, but in this particular case, you're right we're talking about something let's say, particularly chilling these neurotoxic agents and in this case the belief is that sarin which is probably one of the most toxic chemical weapons out there that's been used in warfare is what they suspect it is and this is something they can test for pretty easily up here.
And Sanjay, from all of the video evidence that you've seen some awful images of young kids being slaughtered and so on, does it look to you like the side effects of a sarin attack or something very similar?
I think so, you know, it's tough to sometimes make, you know, make conclusions from that video evidence alone, but hearing some of the doctors' descriptions of these in some of these camps and the doctors without boarders over there.
Are they sensible to try and do what they're doing?
No, and you know, Piers it's sad actually to watch that because I mean I -- people think -- they may think that they're protecting themselves in some way and it's sad because maybe that's the only thing that they have.
What do you think of what she said?
It was rather astonishing and I gratefully spoke with you about this once already.
Is there anything wrong inherently about her behavior?
Right.
What's the very latest you're hearing about a U.S. Military strike?
Well, look, well, from the U.S. point of view, their contention that the White House is, they have the information in hand that could lead the President to make that decision.
Do we have any indication?
Well, certainly not I wouldn't think days.
Do you think this would be a mistake for the U.S. to act militarily, why?
I think so.
But let me get back to the suggestion that -- I think you were suggesting that maybe the opposition, the rebels, have been using chemical weapons, is there any evidence you've seen that they have?
I hear allegations similar to that and I say I don't exclude that have taken place.
So when they present this evidence publicly today to the American people, to the international community, as far as you're concerned that's not good enough?
I'm not sure that the American people want to be the world police.
Do you think it's possible he's right again this time?
No, I don't.
For you, did you hear the actual voice of Syrian commanders speaking about ordering chemical weapons to be used?
No, we did not.
Was that good enough for you then?
Well, look, I think to compare what's going now with Iraq is like comparing apples with oranges.
What would Iran do?
I think the real question is what are we trying to achieve with whatever strikes the President may authorize.
Well, after the President of the United States draws that red line, after we heard very strong comments from the Secretary of state Today and later from the President today, if the U.S. were to do nothing militarily, what kind of message would that send?
No, I think he has to do something because he basically said publicly some time ago, before the first attacks, chemical attacks earlier this year.
Much more -- instead of just a few tomahawk cruise missiles, what else would you want him to do?
Well, I think there should be a -- I'm not an expert on what the target set might be.
Do you think it's possible U.S. intelligence is now flawed again?
It doesn't sound like it.
If the President signs the order, General Marks, how quickly for that order be implemented to target the various locations in Syria?
Wolf, all the targets have already been identified, the software has been uploaded so that the very latest targeting information has -- is available.
In other words all this publicity?
Well, I mean they have to have the publicity to go forward with this.
Is the President of United States who himself once taught law at the University of Chicago, a graduate of the Harvard Law School, is he potentially going to violate international law if you believe Jimmy Carter?
No, I don't think so.
Spider, the -- I know the President's intention is not to go in for anything more than a limited, very precise operation, but can he be 100 percent sure the U.S. won't be dragged into something much more substantial depending on the Syrian response?
Wolf, if I would suggest, he should be a 100 percent convinced that the United States will be dragged into something that they choose not to be.
What kind of marks, Fran, will you give the current national security team surrounding the President on this sensitive subject?
You know, Wolf, because it seems clear to me that we are on the eve of decision to engage in military operations.
Alan Dershowitz, what do you think?
Well, if that were the case, then every lawful act that has been taken by every president since 1941 will be unlawful.
If you knew then what you know now, would you have played football, Jim?
Probably.
Do you believe, knowing what you know now that the NFL team doctors were looking out for the best interest of the players?
I don't think in all cases they were, no.
Is that why you're wearing the glasses right now, the sun glasses?
No, I've been wearing sun glasses since I was 6 years old.
The amount of money the players are going to receive?
I think it's a great result for a great group of people.
Larry how money you think Jim is going to receive as part of the settlement?
No, there really isn't.
Is this sport safe?
I think they're finally realizing what, you know, what this -- the damage that can be done to the brain.
What do they need to say in order to justify and try to convince hesitant colleagues that this is the right thing to launch military strikes against targets in Syria?
Well, they're going to have a lot of questions.
Based on all of our previous conversations, everything I've heard, Senator Corker, you're on board right now with the President, you're inclined to vote yea if the resolution were right now?
Well, I've said from day one as a result of what has happened that I would.
Is that the answer you've been getting?
Wolf, I was in the region two and a half weeks ago and I was totally embarrassed and dismayed that not a single shipment of arms has yet made its way in the vetted opposition.
What should the President do then?
You know, Wolf, I don't know what's going to happen in either body.
Why do you believe it's necessary now?
Well, let's be clear.
What if he gets rejected there as David Cameron did in Britain?
Well, I feel confident that our colleagues, my colleagues both on the Republican side of the aisle as well as the Democratic side of the aisle are not going to jeopardize the credibility of the United States.
Why can't other countries do it?
Oh, there are other countries.
Which countries will use their military power to attack targets inside Syria?
Look, that's honestly something, Wolf I'm not of liberty to say.
Militarily?
And that's going to be important.
Are you saying militarily?
Yeah.
Not just politically or vocally but militarily they will support the United States, they will go in with their F-16s, their own missiles, their firepower, and target sites in Syria?
In both military and diplomatic and political support, there are dozens of nations who had committed to back us up.
Congressman, why do you disagree so strongly with Debbie Wasserman Schultz's and with the President?
Well, of course I have great respect for my colleague, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, and she's been doing this a lot longer than I have.
But do you believe that the intelligence that the Obama Administration has presented to you in classified briefings that it is 100 percent certain that the regime of Bashar al-Assad used sarin gas, poisoned gas to kill all those civilians?
What language that I read in the classified documents and what I heard was highly confident.
What message will we send if a dictator can gas hundreds of children to death in plain sight and pay no price?
That was President Obama this week and I'm Wolf Blitzer and for Piers Morgan.
He will get the House of Representatives to authorize the use of military force?
Well, no, it is a political gamble.
Should the President have gone through this legislative route or should he have just done it without Congressional Law authorization?
Well, I command them for going this route because it think it portends for the future.
Are you afraid that even a limited strike could drag the United States into a prolonged conflict inside that Syrian civil war?
I think the risk of that is relatively low.
Was he speaking carelessly or was he speaking thoughtfully?
You know, we can't be sure of that but what we can be sure of is they don't seem to plot it out what would happen if that red line was crossed.
Would it be catastrophic?
Yes, I tend to think it would be.
If this is a really relatively modest Tomahawk cruise -- cruise missile strike for two or three days, will that accomplish much in the bigger picture of the civil war in Syria?
You know, I think that it actually had might.
Do you think -- you were just in Turkey, we saw your show yesterday, do you think the Turkish regime, the Turkish government would use military equipment, their NATO ally to bomb targets in Syria?
I very much doubt it.
Do you think it's possible?
I think you can make him pay a price for sure.
Do you want to make a final point?
Yes.
Yes, you agree Doug Brinkley that this politically, historically speaking is a huge, huge moment in presidential history?
It is, but that doesn't mean the next president's not going to have a Grenada, or Panama, or Libya, or some sort of intervention where they bypass Congress.
Would executive authority be undermined down the road?
No, I don't think so because it's all about the chemistry and the atmospherics of the moment.
Will he have the votes in the Senate and the House?
HAPIRO: I think he will have the votes at the end of the day.
It's going to be -- I mean you think it's going to just win by one or two votes?
One of two -- the number of people who will say to the leadership, "I'm with you, if you absolutely need me.
What do you say to that argument?
Well I'd said this to him today, is that I do think that Syria and Iran for instance are very different circumstances.
Are you on board at least with the United States supplying arms to the rebels?
Well, I'm not in part because I still don't think we have a good hand on who the rebels are.
First of all Congressman King, what do you make of this draft resolution that the Senate Foreign Relations Committee has come up with giving the President the authority to strike in a limited way over the next 60 days with an option of adding another 30 days if necessary?
Yes, I have to look at it more carefully but based on what I've heard and seen tonight, I would vote for it.
Would you vote for this resolution?
Well, I think the said language is certainly a step in the right direction.
You would've wanted him just to use his executive authority and get the job done without Congress, is that right?
Well, going back over the last 30, 40 years almost every instance such as this presidents have acted without going to Congress; President Reagan, President Clinton they acted six times, he carried out bombing attacks during his presidency, President Eisenhower go back to the 1950s.
Congressman Schiff, you want to respond to that?
I do.
How significant, Congressman King, is the Rand Paul wing now with the Republican Party who basically want to stay out of these Foreign Affairs?
I think it's excruciatingly dangerous isolation's wing in the party.
When you hear that, as a military man, what does that say to you?
I think that authorizes him to conduct any kind of covert action he'd like to use.
Now, that's a possibility isn't it?
Well, that's always the concern.
When the language in the resolution says that it will be a limited and tailored operation designed to deter serious use of these kinds of weapons and to degrade Syria's capacity to use such weapons in the future, explained from the military perspective what that suggests to you?
Well that's a very difficult passage because I think the chances of going after the chemical weapon's delivery systems which were rocket launchers and he's got thousands of them all over the country.
I think you've got a chance to go through it turtle (ph) pass in the Foreign Relations Committee almost certainly will pass in the senate but what does it say to you?
You know I'm not in favor of the resolution both in principle and in the specifics, well if I --
Why?
Well, the President had all the authority he needed.
Richard, what happened to the coalition, the huge coalition that the US would normally like to get involved at another Arab country like Syria?
Well, the short answer, as you know, Wolf, is it's not going to happen.
How much of what President Obama is doing right now is designed not just to send the signal to Syria but to really send a signal to Iran?
Very much.
Are you surprised it has taken so long for the world to wake up to the horror of what's going on in Syria?
Look, there's always been a degree of selective response to these humanitarian crises.
When he sees this debate unfolding in the United States, how worried should he really be that he's about to get crashed if you will by US Tomahawk cruise missiles?
Well, I'm not sure I completely understand what he's thinking right now.
Is he another Hitler?
No, I don't think so.
How do you think the American news media is doing right now in the buildup what could be an escalation of the US military involvement in Syria?
Well, one of the things that the media tries to do is to simply survive.
And David, if Bashar al-Assad were to fall -- no indication he's about to fall any time soon -- but if he were to fall, is there a possibility that Al-Qaeda could emerge as the new leadership of Syria?
I don't think right now.
Now, first of all, what's your most vivid memory of the rubble at the World Trade Center on 9/11 because you were there and that flag certainly became a symbol?
It was the enormity of I think -- when we got there, you know, I came back that night and just started to see the people that were trying to help us with buckets.
What made that photos the most iconic image, shall we say, the memory of that tragic day in 2001?
Well, you know, everybody was looking for the hope.
Where was that real flag?
Well, you know, we'll never know I guess unless you guys figure it out, and you're going to tell us tomorrow.
Do you agree with that statement Mr. Blinken, that when it comes to our national security intelligence isn't necessarily a fact?
LINKEN: Well look there's two things going on here.
Can you guarantee that chemical weapons were used and they were used by the Assad regime?
The intelligence community, no one's going to guarantee, use the word guarantee, they're going to tell you ...
Well if that's the basis for your attack why would you attack if you can't even guarantee the basis?
Because we believe beyond a reasonable doubt, let me use that standard it's familiar to a lot of people, that beyond reasonable doubt that the Assad regime used chemical weapons against its own people.
You still a no?
I'm still a no at this point, we're talking about going to war and if there is a clear and present danger to the United States then of course I want the President to act swiftly and decisively.
Representative Chaffetz?
Yeah, of course I'm going to keep an open mind, I'm leaning though, I want to hear the best intelligence that we have right up until the time we vote.
Representative Hahn?
I don't think so.
When you see the pictures of those kids though, there's no crisis of conscience?
Well those were horrible pictures, look I'm a mother, I'm a grandmother.
To hear that said to the American people, to hear that the burden of proof beyond a reasonable doubt, which we don't even like in criminal trials, let alone we're deciding to bomb, surprising to you?
It is and I think that it was said both by Secretary Rumsfeld and Tony Blinken not very well frankly.
So intelligence still means that you know something?
That's right.
We could take some comfort in that?
That's exactly right.
But that's not what Mr. Rumsfeld said?
No.
That's not what Mr. Blinken was prepared to say?
Right.
Is your basis for attack solid?
Chris, our basis for what might be a military operation is absolutely solid.
What can you tell us?
Let me be very clear about what this is and what it isn't.
Do you have plans for those contingencies that would not involve boots on the ground?
We are absolutely clear-eyed and we've been planning ourselves and with our partners, particularly in the region of Turkey and Israel and Jordan and others.
Do you want regime change right now?
This military operation is focused on the objective of deterring and degrading the Syrian regime's ability to use chemical weapons.
What gives you the mandate to do it alone?
I think the mandate for this is very clear.
At this point, what do you think it's going to cost?
We're working through that right now.
Which would be?
I don't have those figures at hand right now.
I guest the first one should be that we shouldn't call Assad, Saddam, right?
That's a good one.
Is that unusual that you wouldn't have heard that at this point?
Yes, yes.
And what nobody seems to be able to explain to any of us is how are these two things linked?
Well, Nick, why don't you get it on that because, you know, frankly you have been following your work for a lot of years.
Why?
Well, I made a couple of thoughts.
Neda, you have a question for us?
Yes I do.
Are we really the country to take the moral high road on Assad's use of chemical weapons?
All right.
And what's the endgame?
Thank you.
What about that part?
Well that gets to the obvious question that we don't know why this is being done.
What is your take on that, Newt?
I think anybody who thinks that American politician even one as experienced as John McCain has any deep understanding of the hatreds, the rivalries, the clan (ph) work violence, the religious conflicts that make a place like Syria operate is rejecting all the evidence we have over the last 15 years.
So, Philip how do we know who to help?
I don't think we do.
Just because it may have been a political statement that was made, that was wise or unwise, why is the justification for it have to be bombing?
Well and I think you've seen now over the last several days, the President walk back from his original language, well it's not my red line, it's the international community's red line and it's Congress's red line, it's everybody's right.
Rick, what is the chance so this could be quick on the military level and then unpacking what happens with the fallout?
Well, depending on what we want to do.
So, Tom you're saying you support the Asaad regime?
100 percent and I think it's all right to decide our future or, you know, it's all right to decide our regime, it's not -- it's no one's business to decide.
You support, you're a Republican, I should reiterate here, you support the President's proposal to strike on Syria, what convinced you?
Listen, I'm no fan of this president and I'm certainly no fan of this president's foreign policy.
Congressman Grayson, you also have been part of this security briefings, have you not?
Yes.
You don't believe we have to strike, you don't feel the same moral compunction to act, why not?
Well clearly we don't have to strike, I think that's indubitable.
What are you hearing from your constituents?
I think Alan's comments point out that there are a lot of questions here and frankly the President has a lot of work to do to convince the American people that this is the appropriate course of action.
And you think the President, can he make that case Tuesday night when he speaks to the nation in what will be a major address?
Well he's going to have to, listen again, I am no fan of this President, I'm no fan of this President's foreign policy.
The public's not always right are they?
The public has the right to decide when this country goes to war.
I mean Congress, Congress like this I thought you said has the right to decide when the country goes to war?
Well suppose to act as representatives and that's why you're seeing such a divergence with the House.
Can I finish?
Please.
The death of 1400 people including 400 children which the President seems to be emphasizing right now in Syria, if that's true that doesn't convince you that the United States should get involved?
I've seen everything that she's seen and there's nothing else there.
Am I correct sir?
Actually I would reclassify what you said Piers (ph) good evening, a sad evening.
The British now say they've actually tested and found Sarin and gas itself there, you don't believe that to be the case?
Well I mean, the facts that I see is report from BBC by Carla Del Ponte from a few month ago when the initial chemical attack occurred April or March and her words were very clear.
Let me first of all ask you to respond to the doctor we just heard there, who suggested right now, there's a difference between opposition and terrorism, what do you say to that?
First of all I am pro strike against Assad regime.
How do you convince the American people that an air strike isn't helping the individuals behind brutality like that?
Thank you so much for raising such an important question and I think the New York Times owe us an apology.
Are these apt comparisons, do you think?
No they are not apt to begin with, I mean let's just remember our history.
Is Rwanda a better historical comparison?
Oh I agree with Fareed with every word said completely in, I don't think even Rwanda's an analogy of what's going on right now.
Would there be this debate right now about whether the US should act?
No, I mean obviously if it's nuclear weapons that you would have NATO involved here.
Would he have been better off if he had bombed right away?
AKARIA: Absolutely, Doug is absolutely right.
The bombing never happens and say things get worse in Syria, will this be the President's fault or will this be Congress' fault?
Well it's -- it will probably be the President's fault if that's the way you want to look at it but I also am not on so doomsday that this is the end of the Obama Administration.
Why isn't he made more progress convincing the American people?
Well, first of all, it's always hard -- people forget it's very hard to get a Democratic Republic to get onboard with any war.
This makes you crazy as a military guy this delay?
Well, the whole thing it makes you -- you're giving your enemy at least 10 days warning, they've got time to move things around, hide things and alter the entire landscape of where you'd have to attack.
ORDAN: So, did General Dempsey enable this on the one end by saying like, "Oh", you know, giving the OK?
I don't understand why...
As the President arrives home from this trip, did he arrive home in a better position than when he left on the issue of Syria?
I think he's in absolutely a worst position.
I mean did you support the Iraq war?
Yes.
Take him out?
Yes, taking him out.
How did that that make you guys feel?
It made me feel afraid.
Have you ever experienced any kind of racism in this town?
Never.
Have either you bumped into this man yet?
I ran into him last year.
What are the plans that this community has right now to deal with Paul Craig Cobb?
I think it's unclear.
Is everyone who lives there, where they rallied around you against this guy?
Yes.
Is it possible this could avert a US military strike on Syria?
It's possible if it's real.
Is military strike on pause?
If in fact that happened.
Jessica, I can't really get laid around all this, can you try and tell me in simple, plain English where we are in terms of America's position on Syria?
Well, that is the challenge of the day, Piers.
I mean, here's my -- I suppose my reaction of this which is if you assume that Assad did unleash these chemical weapons slaughtering 400 children and over a thousand adults and his own people, if you take that assumption, why would you trust that kind of man to hand over his weapons and why would America trust Vladimir Putin in all of these?
Well, and isn't it from the question you raised and I think that the most senior official in government are where you are.
I just don't believe that's how this all at it was, isn't it?
First of all, it's an issue that has been discussed in private for a long time.
I mean, why does this leave the voting position here?
Yeah.
What is your view?
Well, it underscores the fact that the administration has not come up with any plausible means to prevent another attack while diplomacy like this may very well accomplish that.
But of course, public opinion being against something like this isn't necessarily the sole reason why you would choose to do it or not if you're a President of a country like the United States, isn't it?
Well, it's the public that ends up paying for it and the public that ends up bleeding for it.
Can you hear me?
Right, there was an interruption from (inaudible).
Would you then support military action?
Well, of course that's not where we are but the answer is no.
Will there be attacks against American bases in the Middle East if there's an air strike?
You should expect everything.
Is that the sensible way for America to go?
Frankly, I don't think it is and this is about much more than the use of chemical weapons.
And if the answer is they shouldn't, why is President Obama going along with it?
Well, look I think he's exploring it.
And what do you make of hearing the likes of Paul Wolfowitz outlining why we should be piling straight back into Syria given what we now know about the reality of Saddam Hussein's non-existent WMD?
Well, I do think that, you know, history kind of rhymes but it doesn't exactly repeat itself.
Do you think that's a fair criticism?
I think it's a concern we might have.
Is something brand-new that just knocks your socks off?
Absolutely.
Is he still there?
Yes, he is.
Is he inside now?
No, he's in his car and he continually has his hand on his gun and he keep saying, "Step closer."
Saying step closer and what?
And he's going to shoot us.
Emily Miller, how are you?
Good to be here, Piers.
Tell me what happened?
My boys (inaudible) second amendment, I'm not conservative.
How did you defend yourself against that one guy?
I talked him out.
So, why would you prefer to shoot him?
I wouldn't prefer to shoot.
2 million times a year in America, and yet I never read any examples, where are they?
Well, (inaudible) is like -- I mean ...
When were all these things happening?
Well, obviously, there's a bias in the liberal media against showing these kinds of stories.
So is every paper in America liberal media?
Not my paper Washington.
You want to stop people killing each other, right?
He doesn't care about the blind people.
Can I talk?
Yes.
It's something that's going to happen?
It hasn't happened yet.
Do you think blind people are going to accidentally shoot people?
It's been fully legal in most states right now and they're not doing it because gun owners are responsible, which they train responsibly, which they store responsibly.
You actually think that we can have responsible blind gun owners?
I'm going to tell you what.
It is ridiculous?
Well, the gun lobby (ph) is not -- the gun always now doing that is the disability groups who actually the ones advocating for this.
That's not mine, right?
Emily Gets Her Gun But Obama Wants to Take Yours, Emily Miller, the Senior Editor of the Washington Times, good to meet you.
So what is your reaction to the President's speech tonight?
Well, I think the President went to step by step in directly responding to the concerns of the American people.
But he's boxed himself into a really difficult corner now, isn't he?
Well, look, I believe that number one we'll have to see whether this diplomatic effort is real.
It's pretty rum state of affairs, isn't it?
Well, look, Piers.
Are these two things slightly paralyzing the President right now?
I don't know if they're paralyzing him now, but it seems like they did for a while.
How does that work in reality?
Well, it's going to be tough.
Is that plausible?
AY: It's not at all plausible.
Do they buy it in from places like Russia, where do they get such a large amount of sarin or whatever it may be?
They got the basic technology of how to make it and how to made it to rockets, artillery, aerial bombs during the Soviet Union and from Czechoslovakia.
Tell us what you liked about the President speech first?
Well, you know, I think he made a good point that atrocities occurred to know that there was something awful that happened, the gas attacks, you can't watch them without having a great deal of sympathy for the people.
Bashar al-Assad?
Yes.
Do you think he should go in there and try to kill him?
Well, the thing is, is that I think his plan now is to spare Assad to leave the regime in place, but at the same time he says, someone must pay for breaking this international norm, but he's really not willing to actually make Assad pay.
Targeted assassination?
Well, I'm not really saying that, what I'm arguing is this that what the President has plan is not going to accomplish what he says he's going to accomplish which is to punish Assad for this.
You hope that this Russian initiative works, right?
I do.
So, you welcome the President's decision to go to Congress?
Yes, absolutely, that's the constitutional manner you have to have Congressional authority before you go to war unless we're in imminent danger.
Is there any Congressional authority, any resolution you could vote for?
If American interests were involved, American soldiers, American business, American citizens, a direct threat to an ally, a NATO ally, Israel, all of those things there's a lot of the American interest in the Middle East that I would say ...
Why do you -- explain that?
So, far Assad is not -- he's preoccupied in his own country and he has another chance to reach out or lash out in other countries, if we bomb him or if we corner him I think there's more of a chance that he lashes out against Israel.
AUL: When you saw your people -- repeat the last part of that?
Don't use gas.
What makes you say that?
It's just the results.
Pretty tough thumping piece here, what do you make of it?
Well, Putin is playing games.
A stinging attack on the President personally to the leadership he's shown over this, did you agree with it?
Well, I -- first his leadership has absolutely failed in this regard and we are not in the position of strength right now, I mean to suggest the President speech last night was anything but another capitulation, another, you know, obvious delaying tactic to something he doesn't want to do and he's trying to find a reason not to do it has created Putin the peace maker.
Is there incontrovertible evidence to the satisfaction of impartial observers that says it was definitely Assad that ordered this chemical attack?
Yes, I believe there is incontrovertible evidence.
We don't know who these rebels are really, do we?
Well look ...
And what do you make of it?
Well, the first thing to say is I think the story is over, because Putin now wears this and we're not going to attack.
Does he have a point?
Well, first of all, I think the last individual in the broader world community that the United States, our President, and Republicans and Democrats should take advice from is Vladimir Putin.
Where does that leave your authority?
Well, it diminishes whatever credibility you may have had or may have build up over the past five years and Lincoln argue that we -- if he hasn't been as assertive on certain occasions as some of us wish he had been.
Would you ever hold a lot of people now who literally just sit there, trying to work out any possible way that an attack can come?
In a sense, yes.
What is your sense about the spirit of New Yorkers that you built up in all your time working in the police department here?
New York is very resilient.
A final question, Commissioner, did you believe that New York is a safer city?
Oh, undoubtedly no question about it and we've invested a lot, the federal government has invested a lot, you know, we've been able to in some way shape perform with the federal government to prevent these 16 attacks.
I was at your offices today; you have this extraordinary charity day where all the trading profits around the world to Cantor Fitzgerald go to charity, how much do you raised?
We raised $12 million today for about a 100 charities around the world.
A new documentary, "Out of the Clear Blue Sky" tells that the story from start to finish you've seen this film now, I take, what did you make of it?
Well, you know, we -- usually when someone is going to make a documentary about you we'd sit around, we discussed it aside, is this a good idea or not.
So, what is your reaction to the critics who'd come out chopping your record?
Well, you know, I guess it's two-fold.
Did you have anybody helped you touch a boat to get a rest or anything of that nature?
Never.
They say you didn't eat or drink for nearly seven hours and 53 right in the middle of it which should be impossible, what's the truth?
Piers, it never happened, you know, we've got careful loggers out there evidently a doctor said -- Dr. Derek Covington with University of Miami said she had terrible stomach issues because of taking in those saltwater.
How do you plead?
Listen, listen these are the most dangerous jellyfish in the world, they're fatal.
Any big new plans in the pipeline?
Yes, you know, Piers to harken and back to 9/11 as we come on the anniversary of hurricane Sandy in New York City, we have built a pool, we're going to put it in Herald Square right in the middle of New York City on the anniversary of the storm.
Let me ask you a question, if you had been president and through this crisis right now, under what circumstances would you have gone to Congress to seek permission effectively the military action in Syria?
First of all, I would have started two years ago supplying weapons to the Syrian opposition and I think that Bashar Assad would have been gone but that's over.
How did it come to that?
... that's a moral equivalency which is not true.
What was your reaction when you heard about this?
Not surprised.
Does he respect America anymore than America respects him and Russia?
I think we give him a lot more respect than he deserves.
Do you remember that?
Yeah.
Are we being unfair?
I think it's premature.
But what is the bigger picture particularly for America and the region?
The bigger picture is Iran is the key.
What is it the business of America?
Well, it has been one of pillars of American foreign policy in modern times are both president of Democratic and Republican presidents that we don't stick our nose in other people's business at least in theory, except when it resents a danger to American national security or it goes over a certain line, I'm not talking about a red line now, of conscience.
ORGAN: Did Syria crossed that line, the one you're talking about?
I think for a lot of people it does.
Is he a necessary evil in this -- John Kerry says not a game and it's not for those who are being bombed and losing their lives, but in a sense we're in the middle of a very sophisticated political chest game here, is Putin in the end a necessary evil to get to where perhaps America would prefer to be?
Yes.
Bill Kristol, so apparently Vladimir Putin blinked, do you go along with that?
No, it's the first time I've actually heard that analysis.
So Putin is the one who backed down here is that right?
Well, the last time I looked Bill it was Barack Obama that threatened military action and then Putin said, "OK, we'll cooperate and so ...
Kristen, you're in the middle here or far away?
I'll agree that if Syria has no chemical weapons that that's a great thing, but let's not for one second think that Vladimir Putin's interest are anything but Vladimir Putin increasing his own power, period.
Which one would you say -- which one would you say is Bill?
Well, certainly the Wall Street Journal and the New York Post just the big two.
I mean Kristen this is not exactly a win-win for America or the President, is it?
No.
Bill Kristol at what point does Barack Obama have to do a military strike to maintain credibility here?
You know, I don't know I think this diplomatic process can go on and off a long time.
If you were advising President Obama right now, what would you be advising him to do?
I'd like to clear a message which I think until his speech was lacking.
I think that is a given but that doesn't seem to be enough to drive the American public to want to take military action, how does Barack Obama deal with that eventuality if the Russian game plan stalls?
Well, if Bill turns out to be too pessimistic and I turn out to be correctly optimistic, those chemical weapons get taken away from Assad, the opposition in Syria that John McCain and Lindsey Graham have identified are not jihadists that our civic and political and secular small democrats need to be strengthened and then maybe in the long run Bill will look back and come to agree with me sometimes that can be possible.
What possible sense can there be in people who literally cannot see at all wielding a firearm at anyone that possibly comes into their home?
You're implying that somehow blind people are less than you are because you can see.
It's 4:00 a.m. how many times that your neighbor comes over?
Wait a minute.
Ben, do you think the blind people agree with you that they should have the right to have guns?
The blind people that I've talked to today, that have e-mailed and called and send tweets to me have said overwhelmingly especially those that are single and live alone that they think that they should have the right, keyword in their home, to be able to protect themselves and I ask you again the same question is the question I asked you earlier.
And wait for 15, 20 minutes?
I am not blind and nor are you.
So you would like everyone who's totally blind in America, just to clarify to have the right to bear arms, which means at the moment and we've discussed this before, they could have the right to have say an AR15?
I think any person ...
Yes or no?
... that is blind, that is willing to go through and make sure what is correct for them.
Will you be happy for blind people in America to be armed with one of those -- for anyone that perhaps not so in my door in the middle of the night?
I don't think the majority of blind people are somehow dumb and are going to think that's the appropriate weapon for them.
How are you?
I'm good.
So what's it like to be a country girl?
I have always been a country girl.
You -- I mean you're the cat with nine lives in many ways aren't you?
Yes.
No paparazzi?
No paparazzi.
You then hook up with the guy who turns out to be the most scandalized sportsman in American history, something easy brute is it?
I kind of think of like who's the worst serial killer I could have dated.
Are you kidding me?
I know.
What is the secret?
It's been a long time.
But what is the secret to looking at least a decade younger than me?
I don't know.
Should we be offended by this?
It's good MTV TV brought in (ph).
Why would you all getting proverbial in it (ph) as in a twist?
I can't answer that.
What do you feel about all the controversy over it all?
I will tell you that I came out with my first record when I was 28.
Anything you want to tell me?
We're good, clean, family entertainment around here.
Can you calm my fury about what he did?
You know, it's funny.
You ever talked to him?
No.
Have you?
I have.
Anyone you want to share with the group?
And we'll talk about it some PG tips laid out (ph).
How many times have you been properly in love in your life?
Many.
Does that something you feel sorry?
I got rid of the -- yeah, I (inaudible) marry but I still have the sketches.
Are you always the heartless dumpy in these, do you always the one that breaks it out?
You know it's funny, I've read a couple of times that Jennifer Anniston have been -- the two of us have been dumped more than any two people but, its' not true.
Are you high maintenance?
No, I'm not.
What bumps does he going to take?
Funny.
What's the big ambition for you?
I started out before VH1 to -- obviously people do know how old I am.
I saw you found (ph) your McDonalds jingle on YouTube, yet?
They don't.
Did you really?
10 to 40 ...
For 45 minutes work?
Yes, it went national and yes, got my car and went to LA took my tapes around and got a Johnny Mathis session.
What's the one you choose?
Maybe just career-wise probably my first Grammys.
I can say it to your eye, you can have the best sex you've ever had in your life again or that Grammy moment which one would you take?
Oh, God, wait.
You'd take the Grammy there wouldn't it?
I might take the Grammy.
Tell me why?
No, I'm not angry.
And indeed with the wider issue of America's place on the world stage and in the Middle East in particular?
Well, first of all, you know, the old days, we had generals like Patton and Robert E. Lee and we had some great ones, General Douglas MacArthur, Grant.
Would you ever allow such a thing in your pageants Donald Trump?
Well, we allow them but we don't encourage it.
What do you think of where we are with Syria?
Well, I mean first of all.
Military action?
I mean, I think that while we have peace process in place that may lead to the removal of chemical weapons, then I don't think we should strike.
If it ends up with the chemical weapons being removed and being seemed to be removed from Assad but he stays in power, is that still a victory at any time?
That would be a real win for international security if those chemical weapons were removed.
Are you a fan of that?
You know, I'm not a fan of arbitrary rules that target certain classes of people, except criminals.
Van Jones am I loosing the plot?
Look on first blush it does sound totally preposterous and ridiculous.
I ask you both again, would you be happy for the veteran in the scenario that Van Jones just pictured for me to be a New York cab driver if they so wanted?
No I wouldn't but I'll tell you what Piers...
Which one?
Watch tonight when Ricky Gervais enters my lair.
That's -- that's worrying isn't it?
The chair in the lair.
What does it conjures up to you?
Well it's scary because there is a man in a pink tie.
Did you ever think in your early chubby days, ever have that kind of headline in this six months?
I could only hope.
What do you think?
I like him, he's enjoying his food.
Would you see him as a figure of fun?
Yeah, no, not at all.
Now how can you work out, given that I couldn't shake your right hand because of this terrible tendonitis you've got?
Well I can run, I can run and it strapped up but I can't be wasting money so I ran, I still ran everyday.
You're in agony right?
I'm on pain killers so...
So, how many months have you have this?
Don't know.
OK?
A frozen shoulder.
What are the, you said the things you like, what are the things that really annoy you?
Only two things really, really make my blood boil I suppose.
But how can you possibly review it?
Yeah I had that ones in the tabloid, they were saying about Rick Gervais should be banned from television, his life I think disgust me, talks about just all of the holocaust right and it's then, my friends went to see him in Brighton, well no that's it...
But what was the purpose of this creation?
Well wanted Derek.
Are you?
You can't.
Subliminal twerking?
Underneath I'm like a duck.
Well they're constitutional right?
Yeah.
Would be damage if -- and they gave an example of, you know, if they were fully sighted and used the gun just because they lost their sight, why should they lives to constitutional right to continue having a gun?
Yeah.
So, the constitution covers everyone, does it?
ORGAN: Yes.
But tell me, you are not allowed to carry a gun?
I would not be allowed to carry gun here in New York, but I could carry one in, you know, Dallas or I can carry one anywhere.
Pick up?
That is the big one.
You've done it three times, right?
Three times, yeah.
What is the -- what is the technique to handling that notoriously difficult crowd?
I think -- worry about the TV audience, do it for them.
What would you choose?
The one that sprang to mind was the first Golden Globes.
Why?
I don't know, 'cause I shouldn't have won it.
What's the answer?
(inaudible)
The obvious question, I guess following this is, how does the man with his background a couple of gun-related incidents, discharged from the army of a pattern of misconduct, how does he get clearance to enter one of the most secured military bases in America and do what he did?
He had a pass that apparently allowed him to enter the day the Yard that's right behind me.
Now, there are 3,000 people who work at the base, how secure is it would you say?
Well, I thought the base was very secured.
I'm told there are armed security guards, armed police that the civilians that worked there are not allowed to carry a gun, is that correct?
Yeah.
Are you aware of their presence?
Yeah, there are security guards inside the building, outside the buildings, around the building as you enter the gate.
But he was carrying an AR- 15 assault rifle, another rifle and a handgun, would somebody carrying weapons in the way that he was immediately ring alarm bells inside the base?
Well, I don't know how he was able to get in on the base.
Because presumably -- presumably Patricia, you have to go through some kind of security check to get inside the building?
When you come inside the gate, yes, you have to show your cache (ph) card.
Do you need to go through metal detectors?
No, we don't have any metal detectors.
Are you going back to work Patricia tomorrow?
No, I will not.
What is your feeling towards the man that put you through this and so many of your colleagues?
I'm terrified.
On the one hand, he seems quite shy and very well-behaved, never caused any trouble, on the other, a little clue here and there incidents involving firearms, misconduct later being discharged from the Navy, who is the real Aaron Alexis?
That picture really is just emerging Piers.
How could somebody like this with this background just walk on to a base, on to the tip like this, and get inside and be in a position to kill all these people?
Oh, yes.
Tell me, what prompted you to react like that and expand on what you were saying?
Well, you know, Piers, I'm a doctor.
How many of you been treating the way you are and what is the current set of their condition?
Sure, I'd be happy to tell you.
Shawn Henry, in terms of the investigation and from all that you gleaned to date, are we dealing, do you think definitely with a long shooter here?
I don't know that you can make the determination right now.
It did some sort of old state of affairs that the FBI seeking information after the shooter is dead, what do you make of that?
I think that that's actually the right protocol.
And are you even more surprised as I am that he's able to walk fully armed into a base of his nature and do what he did?
ENRY: Well, I don't know that it's clear right now how he actually got the weapons on to the base whether he was in some type of the work track; I'm not clear on what his access was.
How on earth do you justify that tweet?
Well look at DC, first of all in DC you're not allowed to own any semiautomatic rifle.
Where did he buy the M-15?
Well, we don't know where he bought it.
Do you know that he bought it?
Because I'm telling a fact Ben.
Why do you think that's not a problem here?
Well, there is a problem here, Piers, when our failure as a nation is to even talk about the complexity of the problem.
Is that right?
On this case.
You are saying they are inventing those statistics?
I'm saying multiple people have said that they're wrong in terms of their numbers.
Is that what your opposition?
OTT: No, I didn't say they didn't happen.
Is there -- Is it really necessary?
Of those, 30 have happened since 2006.
What does make them wrong John Lott?
You can -- Professor Fox at Northeastern University, others have looked at this and they would warn you to be careful not to use those numbers.
Can it be as simple as that or are we talking about somebody with an underlying serious mental health issue?
It might be as simple as that.
Could that in any way had been partly had trigger for what happened?
Absolutely.
But anger manifested into violence by a gun?
Absolutely.
What's the answer?
Well, I think the answer is to really takes a look at these cases and see are there common threads in there.
What is your reaction?
Well, here is one thing it was shocking to me and it go back a lot of memories from November 5th 2009.
If you can't even get those kind of things in any kind of sensible gun control legislation what hope is there?
Well, right now, today it appears that there is no hope, but there is hope and there's light at the end of tunnel.
It is the preferred mass shooters weapon of choice, and yet I don't see any logical reason and you're a military man why any civilian needs to have one of these killing machines?
Well, a lot of civilians they purchase one because what you have to look at, Piers is that a lot of times different fractions glorify in AR15 or in automatic rifle.
How have you been coping?
Well, you know, Elisabeth Kubler-Ross did this thing, this thing called the four stages of death and I actually -- of dying.
How have you been coping with this?
You know, I've said almost from the first moment that we learned that, "We're devastated but we're not destroyed."
Kay, how had he been the night before?
You know, he was -- it was actually one of the best weeks he's had in the long time.
And how did you know he had a gun?
He had told me.
And what time was this?
That was late on Thursday, April 4th.
Did you go and try and see him?
I didn't want to see what the possibility was.
What does that tell you?
Well it -- on a personal level, on a family level, on a government level, there'd be three different answers.
In the end, do you believe that he was correctly diagnosed, eventually?
Yes.
With something called?
AY WARREN: Borderline personality disorder.
And what is that?
Well, borderline personality disorder is a -- it's a pervasive attachment, if you will, to mood swings, suicide ideation.
How many times had he actually tried?
He had actually made two other attempts that were definite attempts plus all the attempts.
Before he'd taken an overdose or something?
He had overdosed.
And what did you say to him, Rick?
Well, in that situation, I said, "Matthew, the reason why is there is a purpose, even in our pain.
Had he tried to do it legally?
Yeah.
When did he finally get this gun?
A month before he took his life.
And do you know how he got it, who he got it from?
He told me that he -- he told me everything and he told me that he had found somebody finally on the internet who would sell it to him and it had to be super encrypted and it had to be, you know, this whole process and he begged me to help him because he couldn't figure out the process.
Do you know who that person is, Rick?
Have no idea.
The police have never been able to find out?
No.
And what -- and, Rick, have you been able to forgive this person?
Oh yeah.
Is there anything that can be done with that?
Yeah.
Is it affecting what you're going to be saying about this going forward?
Well yeah.
Kay, people say it's a second amendment right of every American to have guns, what do you say to them?
It is.
Kay you only lasted a couple of minutes, because you found it's so difficult which is completely understandable, but for you Rick that moment when you walked out?
I was overwhelmed by the love of our people.
Kay, have you gone through any doubt about your faith?
You know as Rick said it's not -- our faith is currently what's got us -- that foundation what's gotten us through and it's solid and strong but I have to tell you that, you know, before -- I have something I want to show you.
Is there any sense of relief as a family that Matthew is now with God in heaven?
Yeah.
Out of pain?
Yeah, if I didn't have that hope I would be in ultimate despair but we have built our lives, our faith, our family, our ministry on the belief that because of Jesus Christ and because of what he did on the cross for us we can have our past forgiven, we have a purpose for living, and we have a home in heaven that takes care of my past, my present, and my future.
There have been two strands I think that should be in particularly vicious in your case, one are these fake accounts set up supposedly on your behalf?
Yeah.
What is your reaction to it?
Well, first Matthew wasn't gay but if it was we would have loved him unconditionally anyway.
Do you have anything you think if only we had tried?
Of course that's part of grief.
What if we done that?
Rick, the one "what if" that springs to mind for me example if I was in your position and thank God I'm not, but if I had been as suppose the what if knowing he'd acquired an illegal gun...
... it could have made any difference?
No.
Does it breaches the family members' right?
Exactly.
Let's get this Rick, have you questioned any stage whether you should have done more as Rick Warren, America's pastor about this issue of mental health before Matthew took his life?
Piers, we've always known since Matthew has lived his entire life that one day we would be spokespeople for mental illness.
How would you like him to be remembered Kay?
Oh, my funny, quirky, ridiculously, silly, deeply compassion.
Do you feel his -- he is here now?
Well, I know that he's in heaven looking down on us and we have many loved ones there, my parents, Kay's mom and dad and the -- that presence of God is more important than the presence of Matthew in my life.
How would you describe her feelings today?
She's very, very depressed.
Do you get a sense that she knew how disturbed and how depressed her son was?
Absolutely not, no.
I mean was all this completely knew to his mother?
Yes, it's completely new because she resides in Brooklyn.
Has she been emotional with you today?
Yes, she was sobbing and she was weeping.
What kind of advice can you give her from a spiritual sense?
Well, you let her know that God loves her.
The link is the mental illness, isn't it?
Yes, and the link is probably corded anger.
Is this -- will you look at what's happened here?
Yes, absolutely.
What is wrong with the way that the criminal and mentally ill paternity of America just not picked up when they're buying these killing machines?
You know the problem is that, we are not identifying and treating him.
I mean, Xavier Amador, is that a familiar thing that you hear when people get as Dr. Sophy said to adult age that they can mask these problems of even their closest family?
Absolutely.
What can be done about this, do you think?
You know, I'm here today as Ana's mom.
What do you think is the most practically realistic thing that can be achieved given the way the politicians so far completely, in my view, showed any responsibility for this issue?
I think it might behoove us a nation to put aside bipartisan politics and petty disagreements and agree that no one else wants to be fitting in my shoes right now.
Obviously, in your case, Adam Lanza's mother wasn't there to tell that kind of story because she was killed herself, but are you able to feel any sympathy or empathy for people in her position, for the families of these shooters?
Of course, she's a victim herself and it's time that in America we start looking at mental illness with compassion and start helping the people who really need it.
How has he been coping and adjusting to life without his sister and also to going back to school?
I thank his teachers and the staff at Sand Hook Elementary School for saving his life and for making school a safe and fun place.
Would you feel any better if the school that your son was now at had arms guards outside it?
You know, right now, I feel better that he is laughing, I feel better that he is enjoying it, and he tells me his favorite subject is lunch.
How would you like her to be remembered?
My daughter loved food, she loved music, and she loved God.
What is your message to him and indeed to the members of Congress?
My prayer for Congress is to put bickering aside and let's stop arguing about the small thing and let's get to it on the big things.
What I feel is this really disheartening sense of Groundhog Day with these gun massacres and no desire, no strong enough desire by the politicians, all the people of America to do anything constructive about it?
Yeah.
Where do we try and get a meeting of minds to get things (inaudible) done so that poor woman who lost her daughter at Sandy Hook can actually see that somebody is reacting to it?
I mean I think you have to have a -- you have to have a mass movement of the people.
But why are you sending me a waistline app?
Well, I'm looking -- I'm concerned about your health.
Do you feel that these actually have an effect on Americans or do people who watch your documentaries feel horrified and then just carry on (dazzling) them buying more guns?
No, I think it's both.
When you look back over what's happened to you, are you surprise that you've emerged so relatively normal as you appear in the interviews that I've seen?
Relatively normal.
At what point did you, yourself then become victim to the abuse?
As long as I can remember, there was unrest in my father's home.
What is your recollection of the moment that you heard that was what you were going to have to do?
When I find out that I was going to be placed by Rulon Jeffs, there was all of these years of everything I've been taught how this was right, this was holy, this was good, and yet inside of me, there was a tremendous amount of disappointment, confusion, and overwhelm.
I mean even at his advanced stage, did you have to perform sexual duties to him, was that part of it?
Yes, it was.
How did you feel emotionally about that?
I was overwhelmed and I was very angry.
What kind of men were they?
They were interesting because, on the outside, they seem to be so kind.
What kind of relationship did you have with the other wives?
Fortunately, for me, you know, I had actually 64 sister wives and I got along with them all.
But just going back to the moment that you escaped, what was the tipping point for you and how did you get out of there?
The tipping point for me was when Rulon Jeffs died, 56 of his 65 wives were between the age of 17 and 34 and Warren Jeffs was forcing us to be remarried.
What were you feeling, were you feeling a great sense of elation when Rulon Jeffs was finally jailed for life or what were you -- what was going to your mind?
It was a very emotional time for me.
And for you, personally, is there marriage on the cards going forward, a real marriage to somebody that you love, children, perhaps?
I do have two young children.
Billy Ray Cyrus, probably the famous father on planet earth right now, Billy Ray how are you?
I'm doing great, I just met Bob Newhart at the back.
Are you speaking with excitement about this?
Well, I'm telling you, starstruck.
So what is your view of this huge Miley controversy?
I'm a singer, songwriter, you know, first and foremost, you know.
Did you know what she was going to do at the awards?
I knew that she wanted to do something really special and something that everybody was going to be talking about.
What do you say to those people who perhaps were huge fans of Hannah Montana and feel uncomfortable about the directions she's taking?
Well that's what music is supposed to do is make you feel, you know, that's what music is supposed to do.
Does she have any regrets about it or is she loving every second of the mayhem this caused?
She has been so busy, like I mean every single night she's in the studio.
As a dad?
Yeah.
I mean, have I missed it all or she's pretty good as that?
She's never been arrested you know.
What is your response to those like that council and like people that have subscribed to it who have got serious concerns about what Miley did?
Well, I'm on the council, you know.
Well they get very angry about things like Miley did?
They sure didn't (ph) too.
You know the old saying, right, I mean you don't want me to say it do you?
Yes, you can.
Do you think she'd be the biggest pop star in the world there, I mean she's been famous but this is a like a whole new level, isn't it?
It does seem like a whole new level and yes, she has been very famous but she has reason to a whole new level and it's -- I thought I'd seen it all until these last couple of weeks and the whole thing just kind of went to a whole new level.
Did you think about your friend often?
Every single day.
Did you question your faith at all in that?
I did.
Because if you don't have that, you just have endless acrimony right?
Exactly.
What will you be singing for us?
"Hope is Just Ahead".
Bill Donohue, let me ask you first of all, you're a pretty well- known hard line conservative on these matters, are you happy with the direction the Pope wants to take you?
Yes, I'm delighted with it.
Would you endorse every word of what he said about?
Well I -- Now I -- would I endorse it.
On abortion?
I tell you, people in all denominations, they are wondering -- they're wondering why this Pope is saying what he's saying, and they do see a sense of reform taking place.
Is that what you're saying father?
I'm not coming back.
Is it big and heavy as it looks?
It's heavy.
Is he dangerous?
Actually, he's a genius.
Were there any names on the original acceptance speech that actually survived to the final moment when you want one?
I think I thanked Mr. Ed.
How did it make you feel mostly?
Well, and first of all it's your peers, you know, its your peers who are saying --and I kind of, you know, I kind of said, well I'm just never going to get one, because when you come from a stand up comedy world it's like let's just --that's Bobby and Bob and that's Bill Cosby and me and Bill Cosby and that's Jerry Seinfeld, me and Jerry Seinfeld.
But don't you want to hear about it?
All right, Bob.
What is it?
That I was an inn keeper in this craziest little town in Vermont.
Your wife had that idea, right, for the finale scene?
Yes.
You're afraid of flying?
That's what I said.
Are you a fan?
I think, as you said, a breath of fresh air.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
So, who do you find funny of the modern crop of comedians when you see them?
EWHART: Well, I like -- at first, it's not the modern crop anymore.
Is there anybody under 90 you could put your finger on that makes you laugh other than Don Rickles?
Well, I can put my finger on the mirror.
Do you like Ricky Gervais and Russell Brand and that style of British talent?
I'm not -- I know Ricky.
What about Ricky Gervais, when you see him (inaudible) people at the Emmy's, is that you find him funny?
Once I get the translation.
Nima, what is the latest in terms of whether this operation is still ongoing, how many terrorist do you think is still alive, and how many people we may think have actually died in reality here?
Well, the latest from the Kenyan Authority is that they believe this is the end-game.
What do we know about that?
Well, the Kenyan Foreign Minister told Connect the World, Becky Anderson, on CNN that not only did she believe that there were Americans but there were also Brits, there were other Western European nationalities in there as well, that Al Shabaab has been quite boastfully claiming since the beginning of this attack that there were three Americans in there, one Canadian, a Finnish person, and a Brit.
Tell me, first of all, how is your brother?
He is well and he is safe and fine.
What did he do when this attack started?
He works as a computer engineer, that is the work he does and he's designated as a computer engineer in the mall, and he works with cameras that - with the security cameras.
What does he told you about the incident he saw from what he saw?
One of the things he said is he was pretty terrified because he has never seen anybody shoot anyone apart from TV, in a movie.
And did he seem to be completely indiscriminate because there was a suggestion that they were only targeting non-Muslims, but from what your brother saw, it seem like they were killing almost anybody they found?
There was a -- the Muslim at one point were told they could leave, and they shot everybody else.
But either way, one of the worst terror attacks of recent years, what do we know about the perpetrators?
Well, Al Shabaab movement started as a nationalistic movement.
Yeah, do we think that this may have been connected to that, are the acting at his direction?
Well, I think there was a lot of interesting similarities between (inaudible) Ayman al-Zawahiri instructed Al Qaeda affiliates to do, and what they did, they said, "Attack Western target.
If that turns out to be true, what does that tell us about Al Shabaab and also Al Qaeda now in terms of how far it spreads?
I mean, this is very interesting.
And would they all be from Somalian origin, originally?
It's a combination.
I mean, is Al-Qaeda now just as kind of (inaudible) entity which many, many terror groups are now operating under?
Right.
So Nick, (inaudible) some kind of big picture context, what is the link between what we saw happened in Kenya, what you've seen happening in Syria, you just got back from Syria, is there a context in which all this comes together?
You know, I do think that they're (inaudible) I mean, if you push me to make linkages, one can talk about a youth ball which tends to make countries very unstable, that every extra percentage of young man you have between age 15 and 24 increases by something like 8 percent, the risk of civil conflict that's certainly a problem in Somalia, it's a problem in Syria, lack of education, lack of employment opportunities, and there are jihadi elements in both countries.
What is America do about it?
I think that it could indeed happen.
But, what does (inaudible) on the ground?
You know Piers, I got to say that when you're out there on the border talking to these kids, the face of a Syrian refugee today is a child's face, half of them are children.
I mean these things are a huge leap of faith in your mind are they?
Yes.
Tell me about the case you are involved in and what your reaction is to what has happened in Kenya as a result?
Well, we were involved in representing a man who was accused of helping, convinced and transport young men from a mosque in Minneapolis to travel to Somalia ultimately to participate and attend in a training camp run by Al Shabaab in Southern Part of Somalia and the case was tried in federal district court here in Minneapolis and our client was found client was found guilty.
But John Hopeman if I can come to you, in terms of the events in Kenya, does it entirely surprise you given what you learned about this whole operation during the case that you are acting in?
Well, no it doesn't.
How do you target the Somali connection in Minneapolis in particular?
Well, I mean the solution -- you can't protect every mall, every public gathering.
Now, we're getting to the end of this trial, do you think that Conrad Murray maybe vindicated?
I think he'll be vindicated in some sense.
What have we learned new in this civil action that we maybe didn't hear in the criminal case that could change people's thinking?
Well, a lot of evidence that was excluded at the criminal trial came out in the civil trial such as evidence of Michael Jackson's dire financial situation.
For the civil trial, what is the significance of that new material that was in this particular case?
Well, I certainly think that it points that Jackson is culpable for his own death or at least to a large degree.
Where do you see his own culpability as being inarguable?
Well, I believe that he may have done some things that were viewed as negligent, but I do not believe that he is responsible for Michael's death -- for Michael Jackson's death in any way.
Because you think that Michael Jackson was 50 years old, him being taking these kinds of drugs for a very long time, and was quite persistent in making sure that he got them?
Exactly.
How was he dealing with the damaged to his reputation and the public hostility that comes when you are deemed culpable for the death of a legend like Michael Jackson?
It's very difficult.
Does he wish he'd never got involved with Michael Jackson?
Well, I think that would be illogical conclusion, and Jackson was his friend, but he did not know the situation in which he found himself and he has stated many times that if he knew that Jackson was a drug addict, he never would have given up his practices to become Michael Jackson's personal physician.
What is your reaction to that?
Piers, Propofol is used every minute of the day in hospitals all over the world.
In terms of where this action itself just taking it in isolation, what do you expect the verdict to be from all that we've heard in terms of evidence?
Well, I think there are two questions, Piers.
In terms of his own personal responsibility for the circumstances leading up to his death, where does Michael Jackson's own accountability (ph) come into play?
Well, look, there's been evidence that he obtained a lot of prescription drugs from pharmacies and physicians, there's been evidence that he use propofol, but he didn't die, Piers.
Do you agree with him on most things political?
I agree with him on probably 70 percent, maybe 75.
It just looks to me like they can't make up their minds what they really want to me?
Yes, it's very splintered.
How do you as a party do you think move to becoming in agreement and more electable?
I have been thinking this for years that we have to start coming to terms with the trends that are changing in America, gay marriage has already won, I think it's completely a topic that we have won and that people are just going to have to deal with, but there's a lot of people in a Republican Party that really want to claim to the past (ph) and every time people say, "I am a bad republican and your father was too moderate."
Who do you see out these as potentially a candidate in 2016?
CCAIN: This is so tricky, I was actually at my dad's birthday party a few weeks ago in Phoenix having this conversation with his old campaign manager and a few other people that have been in his political circle for a while and they said (ph) point to Jeb Bush, but I still think the Bush name is pretty tainted and I think he is much more conservative than people really realize.
Chris Christie?
I use to love Chris Christie; I'm kind of done with Chris Christie right now.
Why?
You know ever since his speech of the convention, I don't know if you remember it was so -- you know, he just talk about himself the entire time and I think politicians obviously, there's at some level of self-promotion that you have to do but I would like the next leader of the Republican Party and the next nominee to maybe be a little more interested in helping the country than just their platform.
Now, in your show you do a sort of big issue every episode, one of them is feminism, (inaudible) Billy Ray Cyrus about his daughter Miley and her twerking wrecking bold sensation that's galvanize the world, are you a twerker, do you twerk?
No, no one wants to see me twerk.
Is it somebody just using them with their feminist (inaudible) to challenge people?
I ask this question, can you -- you know, I'm a woman who has done interviews in Playboy, I like dressing provocatively, I like attention from men from time to time, can I do all these things to be feminist just that question have been controversial, I think Miley Cyrus is young and she is learning about her sexuality, I have no problem with anything she has done and I think the criticism on her is a lot of it is unwarranted to be a woman in American is to be controversial especially if you are a pop star.
Do you think mom can be a politician?
I don't think mom could be a politician, I think our mother is the greatest politician's wife in the history of the free world.
Dana, one question really, amongst other things he may have been eating, can we include magic mushrooms?
I don't think so.
Why put Congress through this?
But Dana actually, with respect I disagree with your premise.
I mean, look and even the senior members of your own party led by John McCain and others lambaste you as wasting everybody's time, doesn't it just park you into the delusion and ridiculous category?
Not if you're somebody like Ted Cruz who won his election last year in upset against in a "establishment" Republican in Texas and has made it his mission to rock the boat and not let go of this ObamaCare issue.
What's wrong with that?
There's nothing wrong with that, but the problem is that ObamaCare try to fix the system for people that didn't need a fix, and it's too big, it's too costly.
Do you think it's at all possible that he has the votes to win this battle?
Marc, I think that's funny the hypocrisy ...
Can you answer that question though?
I'm going to answer it.
Could you answer that question though?
I'm answering it right now.
Are we heading to a new relationship?
The honest answer is right now we don't know but it's worth testing.
But in light of all that's been going on, is the President's position now the correct one going forward?
Yes, because again, I think it's right.
And would you trust Vladimir Putin?
We should be extremely cautious again on the process of verification.
Had you been British Prime Minister, would you have pushed very hard to do military action at that time?
I would certainly push hard to be with America as an ally at this moment.
Let's start with the two boys here, Khalid what were you were doing and describe what this gun is?
It's an airsoft gun.
Is it a toy?
Yes sir.
Do you think anything you were doing was wrong Aidan?
Well, yes but I don't think it has to do anything with school.
OK, what do you think you were doing that was wrong?
Well, we were shooting airsoft guns when we we're not supposed to do because our parents did not want us to.
Tell me first of all did you know that he had this toy gun and what is your view of it?
OLANGEL CARABALLO: Well, I purchased the gun but -- when I purchase the toy and I just purchased that and he wasn't supposed to be playing with it at that time.
Do you have any problem intrinsically with him using that particular toy gun?
Oh no.
OK, well let's bring in Tim Clark, your son oversee (ph) Aidan has also been heavily punished here, what is your view about what the school has done?
I'm just amazed that they feel that they're more suitable to discipline my child than I am.
Now, if any of these kids as far as you're aware Mr. Clark did any of them complain to the school about what happened?
No, they did not.
Now, were you aware of all those incidents Mrs. Caraballo and what is your reaction to the school making that public?
Oh, I'm -- I never signed a waiver for them to go public.
Have you've been a naughty boy?
I mean I don't know how you feel about being a naughty boy, but I don't -- I do know that I have been in trouble in recent times.
And why is that do you think?
Because I have a little bit of a temper.
And are you working to trying to deal with that?
Yes sir.
OK, Aidan are you working to deal with your -- I don't know what your problem is, you don't seem to have the same disciplinary record, have you've been naughty as well or not?
Yes.
So, you probably is that you really gone too far, right?
Yes.
So, you're both going to be better boys and hope to get back to school as soon as possible?
Yes.
OK, is that right?
, THE 5 BROWNS: Yes, we -- actually when we have musical disagreements, we usually will take a vote and luckily there's an odd number of us because usually majority wins.
If you all went head to head on America's got Talent, who would win?
, THE 5 BROWNS: Yeah, OK, so it's funny because people come unto us after concerts and every night it's always different.
Are the girls better than the boys?
, THE 5 BROWNS: No, I don't think.
And who's the most competitive?
Gregory is pretty competitive, yeah.
An awful thing about the worst thing that you could possibly imagine, the moment that you all realized what have been going on, how did you deal with it as siblings?
Well, you know, the moment I realized that my sisters have been abused and it wasn't just me, it was probably the worst moment of my life.
How do you feel about it?
You know time is so important and, you know, that I've had a couple of years now to sort of deal with it all and process it.
Deondra, what are your feelings towards your father?
Well, I mean, obviously, you know, that they are your parents.
You have -- do any of you have any contact with him at all?
No.
And let me bring one of the boys in, Ryan (inaudible) talk to you to -- how do you feel about your mother, how did she feel about what happened to your father?
I have minimal contact with my mom just to check up on her.
Is that the same to all of you?
It's just sort of disappointing that she hasn't really felt -- it's been -- she hasn't been terribly supportive of us and that's disappointing to us.
But, do you feel you can have a reconcile with your mother or your father properly?
It's hard to say, you know, I mean, they're -- I think when it comes to like forgiveness and relationships, it's a personal thing for each of us.
Have they ever apologized to you?
I think you feel when somebody is truly penitent.
How about that?
Sounds good.
Let's talk about Carnegie Hall, Deondra?
It's amazing after everything that we've been through especially over the last couple of years to be able to live our dream and perform in Carnegie Hall, we have a new album that's coming out that was a dream project that we've wanted to do our whole performing lives.
Yeah and Ryan, I mean how much has it been a healing thing for you as a group of five siblings, what do you say?
That music is a healing for all of us I think and individually and as a group.
Has that been equally helpful to you guys?
Oh, it's been hugely -- our faith has been so important us.
And tell me quickly about the foundation that you two set this up, right?
The Foundation for Survivors of Abuse was set up Desirae and I and we -- it's important to us that people have the timeline to be able to heal when they're ready and with the laws and statutes of limitations on how they are, sometimes that is not the case.
... and most of his party think he's crackers (ph)?
For once in a while I'm extremely grateful for your British roots.
What he really thinks of Vladimir Putin?
Smart and remarkably -- we had a really good blunt relationship.
How blunt?
Brutally blunt.
What is your take on on where we are?
Well, first, all the problems are probably being intensified by the economic challenges we face.
How much do you trust him?
LINTON: Well, first of all, I think it's an interesting commentary on the world in which we're living that admitting that the holocaust occurred, qualified (ph) as being a moderate.
And it's just going to happen?
No, we don't have to believe it.
What was he like behind closed doors away from, you know, the public utterances?
Smart and remarkably -- we had a really good blunt relationship.
How blunt?
Brutally blunt.
Did you talked to him on the phone?
No.
Can you just share with us a little bit about why you think that's so important?
Sure.
Well, coming to your family as you're talking women in the workforce, who do you think might make the better president, your wife or your daughter?
The day after tomorrow, my wife because she's had more experience.
Can you put as all out of our misery?
No.
What is the ways first, you and Newt Gingrich eventually worked it up between you -- how do you get stuff done in this dysfunctional Washington?
We worked it out when he was trying to run me out of town.
Why did they do that?
Because consistently, with the single exception of my getting reelected in 1996, the people who agree with us on the gun issue have not been able to protect the people they elect.
Isn't it about political (ph) courage?
No, it is not.
Does he do a good Bono impression?
He does.
He does?
He does.
Now, first of all, what was your reaction when you heard Bono pretending to be you?
It was pretty good.
And most certainly got run to America, second thoughts?
I'm grateful that I have a proud father.
Have you ever thought of, you know, running for high office?
Well, there's people that's been asking me that question for as long as I can remember, literally.
It's true, right?
... this is what I mean.
And if so, who wins?
So, we generally are a card playing family.
Which card games?
Oh, we play pinochle, spades, hearts, all variant ...
Who wins?
Thankfully, it's a pretty equal distribution.
You tell me, you all win 33 percent of the time, right?
So -- in cards probably.
What are you best at?
I do really want a traditional board games, backgammon, checkers.
... in this dysfunctional Washington?
We worked it out when he was trying to run me out of town.
Have you ever thought of, you know, running for high office?
Well, Piers, people have been asking me that question for as long as I can remember.
Who wins?
Basically, it's a pretty equal distribution.
What do you think might make the better president, your wife or your daughter?
Day after tomorrow, my wife because she has had more experience, all the long run.
In terms of Hillary, do you think there's any doubt that Hillary will run for the presidency in 2016?
Oh, look, you always have to say there's a possibility of a health problem and accident, something you can't imagine.
And there's a tiny little part of you think to yourself Gingrich v Clinton, let's get it all over again?
No, I think -- I don't think that's part of my immediate future.
Before we get too deep into the weeds, is your mom running for president?
You'll have to ask her that.
What are the key issues facing particularly young woman in America right now?
Well, I think, you know, I would have to agree with Chelsea I think that young people are doing extraordinary thing from this country and the misperception is that young people are disconnected and disengaged and while they're might be some truth to that in statistics what I see and I'm sure what Chelsea sees and what Peggy sees globally is that young people are passionate, and ready, and primed, and every single one of them capable of caring and capable of taking action.
Do I have a prayer on that or am I done?
You know, we could probably make an exception.
What is your reaction to what happened that having talked to people back in Kenya?
I mean, I think it's deplorable.
How do you think you could get bags (ph) of experience to deal parents in this area but how do you think the best way for a country like America can actually deal with this kind of problem?
I mean the greatest risk factor arguably is in unemployed young men to any social system, to any society anywhere in the world.
Have you ever thought of running for high office?
Well, Piers people have been asking me that question for as long as I can remember.
What the truthful answer?
Well the truthful answer is thankfully the truthful answer I guess and that I'm deeply grateful for my life now.
Have you been inspired or deterred by what's happened to your incredibly successful parents?
I'm deeply inspired by my parents and I'm deeply inspired by the facts that they have always denominated success in their lives by the impact that they've had in the public sector and the non-profit sector.
So how do we and are you attending to that?
America.
How many cans of coke do you sell a year?
We get invited into people lives about 1.8 billion times a day.
A day?
A day.
How many people -- I've always wanted to ask you this, how many people know the exact final recipe with all ingredients for Coca Cola?
There are few.
How many?
... and we don't always travel together, so that's -- look.
That's an interesting issue because I think, John, you have the same don't you in Cisco?
Well, I think as Chelsea and America and one of your earlier panelists had said the best.
That goes in life with that?
Yes.
Is there a moral capitalism ahead where American global companies should bring more jobs back to America?
Well, I think both Muhtar and John are examples of a moral capitalism in their own stories as they just relate, you know, whether it is Coca-Cola's clear commitment to clean water because I imagine, whatever the secret ingredients are and the super secret recipe, water is one of them.
He didn't even flicker, did you see that?
HELSEA CLINTON: No.
He wouldn't even confirm water?
He didn't even confirm water.
Well, let me ask you (inaudible), it's a serious issue isn't it?
Yes.
Which card games?
Oh, we play Pinochle, spades, hearts, all variant ...
Who wins?
Thankfully, it's a pretty equal distribution.
How did I know you'd say that?
It's true.
You tell me, you all win 33 percent of the time, right?
So, in cards probably.
What are you best at?
I do really well in the traditional board games, backgammon, checkers.
Let me start with you Shannon, how does that make you guys feel?
I'm still on cloud nine, haven't touched down yet.
What was the thinking in the group of that moment when you really were staring a huge defeat in the face?
I think it's innate personally, when we're down 6-1 that was we just -- we didn't have any boats and we're -- and it felt like we would never had a chance.
Joe Spooner, what does it take to win the America's Cup particularly when you're coming from so far behind?
To win the America's Cup it's a hard slug (ph) over three years for us in this campaign and then to get at the end of the -- to it to get so far behind and made it even harder.
What is your reaction to him bestowing you the accolade there that he did?
I don't think for anyone in the team is really dawned on us when we have a chance, you know, it's -- be standing to hear these comments about a great comeback and maybe one of the greatest that, you know, setting an sailing team in world sport it's just incredible.
Are any of you guys actually American on the squad?
Yes, absolutely we have Rome Kirby he's the young American in our team, we have John Kostecki he's our American technician on the boat and of course there's a huge American culture within the team and I think, you know, we lift the American dream, never give up, keep fighting, forward look at the goal and we did it and yes, it has been great.
Congratulations and I would imagine you're going to go and have one almighty party, aren't you?
Thank you.
Most of his party thinks he's crackers (ph)?
For once in a while I'm extremely grateful for your British roots.
What do you really think of Vladimir Putin?
Smart and remarkably -- we had a really good blunt relationship.
How blunt?
Brutally blunt.
What is your take on, on where we are?
Well, first, all the problems are probably being intensified by the economic challenges we face.
How much do you trust him?
Well, first of all, I think it's an interesting commentary on the world in which we're living that admitting that the holocaust occurred qualified as being a moderate.
And it's just going to happen?
No, we don't have to believe it.
What was he like behind close doors away from, you know, that's with the public utterances?
Smart and remarkably -- we had a really good blunt relationship.
ORGAN: How blunt?
Brutally blunt.
Did Putin ever renege on a personal agreement he made to you?
No he did not.
So behind closed doors, he could be trusted?
He kept his word and all the deal that we made.
Can you just share with us a little bit about why you think that's so important?
Sure.
Well, coming to your family as you're talking women in the workforce, who do you think might make the better president, your wife or your daughter?
The day after tomorrow, my wife because she's had more experience.
Can you put as all out of our misery?
No.
What is the ways first, you and Newt Gingrich eventually worked it up between you -- how do you get stuff done in this dysfunctional Washington?
We worked it out when he was trying to run me out of town.
Why did they do that?
Because consistently, with the single exception of my getting reelected in 1996, the people who agree with us on the gun issue have not been able to protect the people they elect.
Isn't it about political (ph) courage?
No, it is not.
Does he do a good Bono impression?
He does.
He does?
He does.
Now, first of all, what was your reaction when you heard Bono pretending to be you?
It was pretty good.
What is the point of this film?
I think the point of the film is really to first of all, to really listen and see -- just to see what are these brilliant minds thinking.
Sharon, would the world be a less dangerous, less warmongering place if more women run countries?
You know, what I think that maybe in a better question for you to answer as a man.
Is that still unfair?
Well, for me, it's -- has a little bit of the difference between erotica and pornography.
And was Miley into that?
Well, I'm not so much expressing an opinion here.
What do you think, Sharon?
TONE: You know, I think that when we're looking at a pop and rock entertainment, and someone who's pop and rock entertainer, there's a question of this -- of entertainment.
But, Wolf, let me -- does Congress realize just how ridiculous it appears to the rest of the world?
It depends on, you know, who you're talking to.
Is this just as John McCain said to me, the same movie being replayed?
The Republicans by all accounts are being blamed more than the Democrats from this including in our brand new CNN poll that just came out today.
Who's to blame, how long will it last?
Who's to blame, we're going to see what happens and whether or not that the reality matches the polls beforehand and the fear among Republicans frankly that they are the ones who are going to get the blames.
Jim Acosta, down the White House, have we heard anything from the White House of the President other than the video we saw that he gave to the military?
Well, we have that video that the President delivered to the military that apparently went out to Armed Forces around the world and an interesting juxtaposition there, Piers, as you're seeing, Congress wrangling with each other and arguing and fighting over whether to fund the government for another six weeks and this whole notion of defunding or delaying ObamaCare.
Debbie, how do you plead?
Well, I plead with my colleagues who really should just go to the floor and let 218 members of the House of Representatives, not only 218 Republicans decide what legislation we are going to send to the Senate and then to the President.
Why aren't they talking?
Well, they're not talking because the only thing the Republicans are willing to talk about is whether or not we are to going to delay or defund or repeal ObamaCare.
Isn't not the way any business gets done?
Look, President Obama has made it very clear that as we implement ObamaCare, which is going to happen, this is a settled matter.
James Lanksford are you proud of what the Republicans have done tonight?
No, this is the great challenge of this, Piers.
Are you happy about the shut down tonight?
No, I'm not happy about it.
We need to have this discussion and if it's so great, what are they afraid of?
Well, ObamaCare was of course debated vigorously.
Amy, you may not like it but it's called -- Amy?
... the election was about ObamaCare...
Is it exactly the same story replayed now 17 years later?
No.
And without that, how do you get anything done?
Well, I think that's part of it.
Well, the point I want to make here, is are we dealing though with essentially two quite weak leaders here?
Yes.
You're the man to us, will we?
Well, I think we can again.
I think he's jumping in there, Ryan?
I think you're being overly optimistic Josh.
Who is that should be given (ph) an election who manages to please everybody?
Look, I think John McCain's are on their way out and that's the reason why they weren't able to win the presidential election.
In all your years, David, in all your experience and all the Congresses you've seen the Senates you've seen and so on, when you put it all together, have you ever known it as bad as this, the actual polarizing between the two camps?
No.
Is it inevitable that you will have to sit down, your man, the President and Speaker Boehner and just thrash out a deal?
Well, Piers, what is inevitable is that Congress has the responsibility to fund the government, to pass bills, they keep the government open.
Why is that not happening between the President and John Boehner?
Well, first of all, as the President said he would, he spoke with the Speaker of the House and said he would continue to have conversations with leaders in Congress in the days ahead.
-- vision which it back plays (ph)?
It is -- we are agnostic when it comes to how Republicans pick their leaders in Congress and the President actually has a good relationship with and likes and enjoys John Boehner's company.
How does this end?
Well, first of all I'd say, "We're making no demands."
Why can't Republicans just see, sense, realize his law, and move on?
Sure, it's the same reason that we were elected as well.
-- and colonoscopies have higher ratings than you?
Four years ago, I was just a normal American citizen in my area in Oklahoma City and many people came to me and said, "People like you and people like being around you and you're doing good work here."
Sidd?
Congressman, my name is Sidd Jah (ph).
Do you think it's fair that Congress is going to continue to get paid while more than 800,000 government employees are furloughed?
ANKFORD: OK, that's a great question.
How much are you being paid say for this week, Congressman?
I don't break it down.
-- why should the very people who have caused the shutdown continue to be paid when the victims of the shutdown are not being paid?
No, I would assume we're not on that.
That cannot be in America's national interest because this only gets solved when eventually they talk to each other, right?
That's right and, Piers, I'm glad you asked and I really encourage everybody to go back and look at the beginning of this year when Speaker Boehner spoke and said that he did not want to have anymore negotiations with the President of the United States.
What is it likely to be?
Well, two things.
What about Hallie?
I wasn't furious I just thought it was amusing that you asked the Republican Congressman about his salary and acted all in dignity he was getting a salary with Jay Carney the way those press folks who is doing such a permanent (ph) job.
Why should they get salaries and this very hardworking young lady be sent home on a spur of a moment with the piece of paper and has no money coming into her family?
Some of the congressman, a friend of mine Tom Cotton, the congressman from Arkansas said he was giving up his salary for this period, but it's up to each person to do.
Why is it a non starter?
Well, because -- first of all --
RISTOL: Because it's a law like Piers said, but didn't the President suspend the employer mandate, didn't the President change other parts of the law, shouldn't Congress have the right to say something?
But the President has been open to negotiating this law for the last --
Isn't that right?
Absolutely.
Does that tell you something?
I don't -- I can't see that it was chaos, you know, there are a lot of people that can do.
How do we get through this on pass at the moment and who really is most to blame?
Well, the reason that we're trying to get everything done right now is that Obama although he says he's willing to negotiate all the time doesn't even sit down with Republicans until as in 2011 they have the debt ceiling that they run up against.
Who's blaming now?
Pretty substantially.
You're telling me that none of these things would have happened in past times, Grover?
ORQUIST: Well, OK.
Hi my name is Miranda Yaufer (ph) and I'm wondering in light of Ted Cruz' recent comments on Obamacare, what do you see as the implications for the upcoming 2013 gubernatorial elections and the face of the GOP?
Yes, I mean this is an interesting point isn't it, Bill because Ted Cruz has made his march, he's the new male version of Sara Palin with one of the better comparison and which he may take as a compliment, many wouldn't.
But in terms of his ability to direct the Republican Party right now, he's the guy in the saddle isn't he?
Well, if Chris Christie going to get reelected the governor of New Jersey and he is not taking orders form Ted Cruz, and I think Republicans have a very promising field for 2016 with an awful a lot of young senators, governors, congressman like Paul Ryan.
What about America incorporates it and how it moves forward and restores its credibility and its reputation?
Well I think first of all, Piers that the place where it needs to restore it's reputation most importantly is in the eyes of the American people.
Thou shalt not speak ill of any fellow Republican?
Well, he invented that when he was running ahead as the favorite.
This is just random selection of people that gets (inaudible) to watch the show, but how much of this is done to just general dissatisfaction with the American political system?
Well, it's because the Democrats and Republicans have created this corrupt system and they been in charge now for a 150 years.
What do you think of Obamacare?
I don't think anything of it, because my belief is quite simple.
And let's get real for a moment, is it feasible in our lifetime that you could have a candidate running for president who was successful, who was not a member of the Republican or Democratic Party?
I did it.
Could you do it on a presidential level?
Sure.
What is your response?
My response would be then I guess a real person shouldn't be president because I'm a real person.
Is that true?
Yes, because my belief is if you tell the truth, you don't have to have a good memory.
Not new that there may have been a conspiracy to assassinate, what is new about your book?
Well, what's new about our book is there's always new information coming out.
So, who -- And who killed Kennedy, do you think?
Yes, you can't answer that question because it's been 50 years and there's nowhere -- no way to say specifically who
What?
Jesse, here's my point.
Now, why do you know more than he does?
Well, because of the fact, there's a whole lot of information.
Oh, come on, who do you think did it?
The Secret Service protected Kennedy more after death and they did when was alive because they illegally took the body out of Texas.
Jesse, who do you think kills JFK?
There is multiple choices.
You've written the book about it, well what do you think is the most likely theory?
ENTURA: I think -- Here's the deal, there were two conspiracies that took place.
You think you've won the argument simply because I can't name who did it?
Yes, I do.
Dana any movement really since I spoke to you yesterday?
The only movement is that the President of the United States and the four congressional leaders two in each party sat down and faced each other eyeball-to- eyeball and they did talked.
Are the Republicans making any headwind with their argument that he is also to blame here?
In Washington, not so much.
Why don't the Republicans causing on this mess work harder and quicker to resolve it?
Listen we've worked all day.
I mean do you see any way that the president can negotiate down from his current position?
Well, I think very hard because this is really an internal GOP fight in the House.
Is that right?
But I can hear you both now.
For arguments sake he's John Boehner, what would your pitch be?
My pitch could be this "Look, you wouldn't want us doing this if it was Republican President.
So what is your sensible coherent argument for why that is not an acceptable position?
Well, listen, history is littered with bad laws that once in a fact and later were changed.
What was going on?
Look what you see, good as a harbor, there's the Statue of Liberty they got to -- they got it perked up.
What is it mean, like for you on the sharp end financially hearing this shutdown?
Well, it's just as outrageous for us, Mr. Morgan, coming on the heels of eight months of closure after Sandy only to reopen the Statue of Liberty on July 4th.
And unlike people who get furloughed who work for the government and so on, you have no hope of getting any of that money back it's a right-off, right?
There's no recovery of our revenues, there's no recovery on the employees lost wages.
What is your personal view about the Statue of Liberty being closed for business?
I mean, as an American and as someone who has worked around the Statue for almost 30 years, it's outrageous, it's illogical.
This is no right way to run a business, is it Jack?
It's terrible.
But why are they not talking all the time?
It took him 18 months to call the Head of the Senate after getting elected.
Does the president have a good point that you think here?
No.
What the country needs is a growing, thriving medical business and we're cashing it for entrepreneurs and we're taxing revenues?
Here's the point there, Jack.
If you had to renegade, when you are running G.E. and you are the boss, you are the John Boehner figure if you like of the Republican Party and suddenly you got a Ted Cruz, right?
I thought I was going to be on marketing guide on that.
But if you had to take Cruz and suddenly burst out of nowhere and begin to run your gig for you and call on a (inaudible) what would you do?
I wouldn't be dealing with him alone, but I'll be listening to him to see what he had to say and I'll be trying to figure out if he made any sense.
How do you try and change the way Washington has now become?
Piers, I've read a column today from Linkedn, a lot of action.
How do you feel about you've been sent home, no pay, and you may or may not end up getting paid for this period?
I feel awful.
How do you feel about all the -- how do you feel about all the members of congress getting their salaries in this period?
I don't think they should receive any pay.
What have you said to her about this?
Well, it's kind of difficult to explain to a five-year old that mommy is not working.
You still pretty pleased of your self that the Republicans have lead the government into a meltdown, shutdowns affecting so many normal lives?
You know, it's funny.
Can I ask you a question?
... to deserve (ph) GDP over the next 10 years.
When was the last time a federal budget was passed and signed into law by Barack Obama?
It doesn't matter.
When was the last time?
(Inaudible) The government spend money...
When was the last time?
The government spends money for appropriations bills like this.
As you are a former CIA spy, this is your wheelhouse, what do you think or what do have to say there?
Like every other American I'm absolutely appalled that no advancement has been made and that the children in NIH are being turned away and all the terrible consequences that you saw earlier at the top of the segment, furloughing.
And at the moment, is the situation -- this kind of trial is on hold to the duration of the shutdown?
I think Brian can answer that better.
How do you feel about the fact that squabbling politicians in Washington might -- and I say might at this stage -- has some effect on your chances of survival?
I think it's pretty ridiculous that -- especially since the whole debates over Healthcare Law like they're trying to engulf all of these.
Surely -- whichever side of this argument you're on, it is time to get this sorted, isn't it?
Well, and I think, look, my wife worked for seven years in the Children's Cancer Research Hospital and when you see these parents that are told that their kids' scans don't go well, it is the entire world they're in crumbling around them.
What do you think of the poisonous atmosphere in Washington right now?
Well, actually I was a subject of partisan attacks.
You're prepared to go back and face yet further questioning in this court case, if they ask you, is that your position?
I will be back when the trial gets into the court.
They simply don't want to believe the version of events that you and Amanda have put forward?
OLLECITO: No -- well, it's not the justice in my -- a version of defense or Amanda, the version of defense.
I mean, do you with hindsight that you'd never laid eyes on her that you had never become embroiled in such a lurid crime scandal as this become?
Yes.
What do you know about that knife?
Well basically, in my opinion just logically, it's ridiculous that's anybody will bring such a big knife from my house to another house.
What is your message to Meredith Kercher's family?
Basically, I feel a lot of compassion for their situation and it's horrible because the -- her, their daughter is no more in this world.
Why do you feel so strongly with your exemplary legal background that she is 100 percent innocent?
Mr. Morgan, five years ago, October of 2008, less than a year after the murder of Meredith Kercher, Rudy Guede, overwhelming evidence.
What was the first that you heard that made you realize there was a big event happening right outside?
A huge siren.
What are you hearing about that?
they're absolutely could be, I mean there are always, there's always second guessing in situations like this, but I believe given the route that she took from to very important places of power with very -- with a lot of security and law enforcement protecting people and particularly after what happened in 9/11 and the scare even most recently at the Navy Yard, I think everybody was, I know everybody was on high alert.
When did you realize what had happened and what was your first fear?
Well Piers, when we're walking outside which usually when I leave that Thursday lunch, we -- I usually walk underground, this just happened to be outside but the first thought that I had, the initial thought when I heard all the sirens and the law enforcement, I thought it was a dignitary being escorted then as I got closer to that corner, I knew there was more urgency to it and then I heard about three or four pops of gunfire, of course then, we knew it was very serious.
What else did I call them?
The weird caucus.
So I mean do you think -- are you pledging to tone down the rhetoric a little bit and maybe that could help?
I'm not going to give up on the anarchist.
Are the Republicans now if they -- well if we can keep it going 'till then we can do some kind of grand recovery plan which can get us off the wrap here?
You know, the Speaker and his leaders aren't talking about ObamaCare and getting rid of ObamaCare as far as negotiating is going in public.
How do you feel as a Democratic Senator, do you feel powerless at the moment?
Well, Piers, I think right now, there are two basic facts I think that are operative here.
Is it Speaker Boehner or Ted Cruz?
Well, I couldn't tell you where it is in the Senate side of things.
What is your biggest fear going forward?
Well, my greatest fear is getting further and further into debt and not being able to climb out and also not being able to pay the bills, put food on the table, pay for the medications my daughter needs.
Does that help you that knowledge or if this goes on for few weeks, does the pain you suffer in that short- term period just be really very difficult to handle?
It's going to be difficult to handle.
What do you think Mr. Penders of the way the politicians are behaving over this in Washington?
I think they're behaving like a bunch of spoiled children, like a bunch of five-year-olds throwing temper tantrums especially the Republicans.
You're not happy what you're hearing, why?
No.
And what is the combined impact?
So President Obama didn't carry most congressional districts.
But what is your impression of the impact that's having right now?
Yeah, well I mean that's fine as an explanation for why we have a Republican House and a Democratic President but it's an excuse for why republicans have decided that they're going to hold hostage the normal operation of government in order to have negotiations.
What is your concern about what is going on right now?
Well, I have to say this is a scary situation for me.
You are a senior oncologist, you are at the sharp end of all this, what is your view?
I think especially for young Americans this is an amazing opportunity to make sure that we can treat you right, I mean the liaison (ph) therapy that happened because people don't have insurance it leads to morbidity and mortality and it's not right.
Tell me what you are going through right now, what your particular concern is?
As of tomorrow actually the Head Start Program in Florida will be shutdown.
So, Star, you see, when you hear this it just makes me so bloody angry, right?
Right.
Because you're like how can you allow this to happen in America?
ONES: In America.
Michael you're shaking your head?
Well, I think, I think -- I don't ...
What is the practical reality and how we get out of this particular situation?
Well, I think objectively we use of the terms bickering and squabbling and I think both sides are taking principal position ...
When you hear Harry Reid call them anarchists?
ARONE: Yes, that was not ...
You think?
...t he House...
You shutdown a government because you want to change parts of an established law?
Well, I think the Republicans made a miscalculation by raising the issue of defunding ObamaCare, it polled poorly voters truly didn't want it, delay ObamaCare polls better I think that probably would have been a foolish thing for them to go on a ...
Do you think what's going on to good principle politics?
I think it's miscalculation by people who are principal politicians and I think ...
If President Rouhani pick the telephone up and called you, would you take that call?
Yeah, we're not the first to call and it's the question I'll tell you what I'll tell him.
And would you hesitate to take military action?
ETANYAHU: No, I wouldn't.
... damage the global economy?
Yes, they'll work it out.
Do you believe that it was all completely justified or do you think it was another way perhaps of resolving this without your friend being killed?
Well, there's always an opportunity to look things over and determine that there could possibly be another way that it could have been done.
And, does any of that in the end come into play though, if you're guarding the white house or the capitol itself because it could be (ph) you could be on such ready alert any kind of attack and really have time to think is this person, you know, a harmless woman who is suffering some form of depression or is she a terrorist?
Well, I think clearly what has to happened is we rely on the (inaudible) training, and let this clarified for the record if I could, Pierce, is I'm with National Country Sheriffs Department, not the police department.
I kind know where (ph) come from here, but is anything you heard so far in the show giving you any cause to post about your absolute certainty that the police did everything completely correctly here?
Well, you can always look at the tape afterwards and say there're things we can learn from this.
Do you go along with that?
Well, it does give you something to think about.
What is your reaction now we know you so much more?
Knowing so much more makes more complicated and it makes my heartstrings get togged a little bit but the police didn't have the benefit of knowing this woman's history, her background, they didn't even know whether or not she had a gun.
Obviously, it's very complicated and you don't want to be too critical of the police, what do you think?
Well, first of all those Capitol police officers deserved our thanks and our appreciation in every bit of the standing ovation we gave them because they lay their lives on the line for us every single day and we worked in a building that is one of the most high value targets in the entire world.
Debbie?
... even this weekend has taken the website down for repairs.
Pierce, can I say something else?
... borrowing $ 2 billion a day is not a fiscally responsible ...
(Inaudible) KellyAnne?
The idea that John Boehner, he doesn't working in space.
Why doesn't he get into a bar with Barack Obama and do some business?
Because Barack Obama won't show up.
Tea Party led by Ted Cruz has led all this from start to finish?
There is no doubt.
When is this going to end, very quickly?
Six days.
Marc Lamont Hill?
October 17th.
If President Rouhani picked the telephone up and called you, would you take that call?
We're not averse (ph) calling.
Were you happy that having set the red line as President Obama did about the use of chemical weapons, he didn't then take military action?
The military action is not a goal, it's a means.
You're not buying the new friendlier face of Iran's edition?
No, I want to see it back with action.
Does it mean anything that he at least had taken that step?
It would mean something if he would take, it would mean nothing if they continue their nuclear weapons program.
What were you thinking when you did that interview and was it a successful as you hoped it would be?
ETANYAHU: It was great.
Do you have your own red line when it comes to Iran, and if so, what is it?
Well, simply put Piers, that Iran will have to get nuclear weapons.
Would you hesitate to take military action?
I wouldn't hesitate at all.
Can you envisage that kind of meeting with, say, Rouhani?
ETANYAHU: Well, Rouhani openly says that he is deceiving.
I was told by a very good source that your very first meeting with President Obama was running as (ph) a senator and it was in Washington Airport and you literally went often to a little side room?
Right.
You were the leader of the opposition?
Right.
Has he realized his potential and what you do you think of him as a leader for the Israeli perspective?
Look, he's trying to do the best he can for the United States.
Do you feel more vulnerable as a result of over turmoil and how do you see it all playing out?
It's a big problem obviously because it's an unstable region, and we're stable because we're based on very solid foundations and we're people that been - that's been attached to this landfall since the time of Abraham.
Do you have the answer?
I do not, Piers, but I do believe that we may reach a point where the markets have to tell us to come through an agreement and that would be of course when we start defaulting on our debts.
How do you bring the two together and get some kind of common sense?
To be honest, I don't know, because I say it with respect to those individuals who say defund or nothing else, although they have changed their message somewhat it used to be just absolute defunding, now apparently it's already if you just address certain portions of ObamaCare, but look there was a lot of republican members of congress who campaigned in 2010 and said, "You send me there, I'll do everything in my power to defund ObamaCare."
If you were Speaker Boehner, what would you do now to try and get through this?
I think it's very difficult for me to say because I'm a great admirer of the speaker and it's very tough given the divisions within his conference.
At what point does that political stunt which gets perfectly understandable becomes against the national interest particularly with the debt ceiling coming up so fast?
Well, I would -- If were the president, I look at my own polls.
But why should the conversation start with a metaphorical gun to his head?
Because it's on both sides.
INGRICH: Well, Barack Obama ain't no Bill Clinton, so what's the point?
Well, the point is staying on both houses.
I don't know (inaudible), will you?
All right.
How are you?
I'm real good.
I could be any animal?
Yeah, you love animals that's why we're here.
An elephant?
Yes.
Why?
They have 105,000 muscles in their trunk.
Really?
Yes.
You want 105,000 muscles in your trunk?
And they're big and they last a long time.
So you're basically basing -- and this is based on Newt, right?
Well, no actually.
Have you found that British person who said that?
That was the decisive moment, Pier.
What is your most common argument at home?
Great question.
Really?
Yes.
The public are sick and tired of this, aren't they?
I think so.
Dispute?
Well, you have to call Van Jones (ph) to come around and ...
And the moment I heard that, I thought, "This is the guy," because if you can get out of a straitjacket, we can get out of this shutdown, right?
I look at it this way.
And you are going to come back with me with a straitjacket, a bit later, right?
I'm going to put you in a straitjacket.
Very quickly, you got a new show, Believe?
Yes, it's on Spike.
Ma'am?
Yes, you know, you two do similar jobs that just make the economy sense for you to go, Dan (ph).
Good evening, how are you?
Well, you must think you're either a soothsayer or you're just so long in the tooth in this Washington game.
I mean what do you make and what's going on now, particularly, as you've lampooned this so successfully?
Well, I must say Armando Iannucci who said -- really brilliant creative guy behind writing Veep, has this uncanny ability, particularly, since he is after all British, to predict, but you may have this ability too.
Can you remember one that has been (inaudible) hot over one side trying to dismantle and establish law?
No, I don't think there's any parallel to this, you know, Secretary (inaudible), I thought, got something slightly off in the earlier segment when he said that, "There was no particular law involved in the previous conflict in the Gingrich-Clinton standoff because there was one similarity, it was about -- the budget was about Medicare.
The sense -- because, you know, midterms coming up, and you have the big election in 2016, it can't be helpful, can it, the chances of doing one and either of those two elections if they are seen to be absolutely ideologically at each other's throats?
Well, I think you're right.
ORGAN: Is there anything you couldn't parity, Frank?
There's nothing that you can't parity and we know it from shows not just like Veep in Saturday Night Live, but so many shows in American television.
You think they've ever going to grow up in Washington?
No.
And why do you believe the real victim may, will be, Edwin and not as many people think Alexian Lien who was of course the driver of the SUV?
Well, Piers, Edwin is clearly a victim.
What's his condition at the moment?
He's out of his comma.
What is your view about where blames should lie here?
I mean I wasn't there.
What would you want to do?
I think, I would have stopped and I would have tried to get the information for the insurance.
What do you think, Dayana?
They hadn't done anything.
How many bikers do you see in this video, 3 -- 400, 500 bikers or 20?
Enough not to...
Why would you be scared?
Because I would be very concerned...
Do we have evidence of that?
And that this is my point.
Is there evidence to that?
All right.
Do you see them already banging and hitting this vehicle before?
I see hundreds of bikes.
But dozens -- I mean, how many it will take to be scary?
(Inaudible).
And anyway, how are you Criss Angel?
I will say that I'm going to leave you like the couple moments leaving us.
Can I dare to dream?
You can dare to dream all you want, but I don't want you to have those hopes crushed as soon as you get them up, Piers, because we've all seen movies like this before in Washington.
Does the government reopen pending those deliberations?
You know, because they're not speaking to one another, it's a very hard question to answer.
What is the matter with them?
Well, there's absolutely nothing the matter.
They are lying items in a budget and if you are going to look at a budget, at appropriations, at a funding mechanism you have to say, "Where are we spending this money?
ORGAN: OK, we'll do a deal.
Where is the point where you think this could be honorably settled?
I'll throw it out.
... where can we get these reductions?
I'm calling an end to this.
Now, Cathy I know that you're speaking from your hospital bed, how are you physically?
I'm a lot better than I was, I'll tell you that.
How do you feel about the Washington politicians which are causing all this disruption all over your country leading in your case to a potentially very serious situation?
Well, I think that what really, really got to me and, you know, first we see people every year, the same people every year who were having the shutdown very reluctantly of something that they truly believe in.
But is it -- but it's the calm before the storm, isn't it?
Or it's the calm that comes from believing that there is no storm coming.
And Kelly on a certain sympathy when I heard President Obama said today, you know, it's like somebody fire bombing your house, stealing all your possessions, taking your car, and they're saying let's negotiate, what's the matter with you?
That's a ridiculous analogy, but I was very glad that ...
Is this part of a secret plan to run for the White House?
I'm speaking to a couple of groups in our senate right meeting in Iowa's is tomorrow morning.
So, look, I'm up for a short-term debt deal, what is that deal likely to be, likely to be?
Yeah, look we take a deep breath, every president has negotiated on debt ceilings.
He's been having treatment for cancer and no cartilage left in his knees, what do you make of this Joyce?
Well, number one, we've had the house since 1979 but we never ever stayed down there except maybe 26 days out of the first 13 years because we had a ranch and we were busy and we didn't really get to go down there that much.
What do you feel about what's happened to your parents?
I'm very frustrated.
Why is that?
He's lost his trust in everything at this point.
And where are they living in the moment, your parents?
My parents are relocated into town.
Marc Lamont Hill, what are worst things about this?
It's not even work.
Oh, so you're doing it because you haven't been able to get the subsidies ready for the businesses?
Well, then if businesses don't get subsidies.
They came out today and said, "Wow, this is really worrying, America may not pay as back the money," (inaudible) right?
They always get paid.
So last people who get paid will be the Americans on Social Security, I mean this is a fuzz, isn't it?
Oh yeah, and it's embarrassing, but I think we're not at a point yet where it's really impacting the willingness of people to buy our bonds, I think we've been able to explain to the Chinese and the Japanese that they will get paid in a way that has them laughing at us a little bit, but it doesn't have them panicking yet.
Or has everything moved to now a debt ceiling debate which will be resolved around that deadline?
I think it's more likely now that we'll have some debt ceiling and some CR conversation.
Is that your understanding of how it went?
Yes, I think that's very accurate.
I mean it's frankly sickening, isn't it?
Well, it's heart-wrenching when a loved one is lost either way.
What were the strategy be from the Republicans to get through this on path that is now causing such havoc to so many Americans?
Well, we are actually very hopeful that this is actual negotiating time.
Has he misplayed his hand here?
Look, at first, I'm not going to criticize John Boehner.
Right, but let me ask you in all the eight years that you were the Speaker, were you ever in a position where you even contemplated forcing a government shutdown because you didn't agree with an established law?
But look at, we've never had -- we never had to do that but, you know, we had ...
Would you have consider it though?
Well, it depends on what the law was and it depends on what kind of support you had with your -- from your parties.
Under those circumstances could you imagine using that trying to defund that or make it somehow not happen as a stick to shut down the government?
No.
I don't think knowing my history of you, you would've done?
Yes, you just made the argument.
Is it 26 as of today now?
... have died, yeah, as of right now, 26 people died since the shutdown, started.
How do you resolve what seems to be such an implacable divide between these two parties?
Unfortunately, you know, we talked about this on one of the previous visits when I was here.
Did you see that as the way through all of this?
I think we're very close to a deal and that's one of the reasons Obama is meeting with all the members in both parties of both Houses.
It's pretty scandalous, isn't it?
Well, I think that the Republican Party is beginning not only to look at the polls and see that they are digging themselves a deeper and deeper a hole and of course when you're digging a deep hole you don't want to continue to dig.
Does a failure to deal with the debt ceiling on that particular day when it comes up, does that automatically calls America to default?
No, of course not.
You're giving Larry Kudlow the last word?
I have given the Larry Kudlow the last word but the good news is you can come back other -- tomorrow or the next day and have another word.
When you look back to that day, you think back that day and you've obviously have to recall it all for your book, did anything at all warned you that he could possibly be capable of this -- the man you knew as you husband and a loving father of anything like this?
Not at all.
What did you think was happening?
I really had no idea.
I mean how did you find it?
You know, in the very first moment that afternoon, I knew that I was faced with two choices.
Have you forgiven Charlie?
You know, I have.
Did you hate him to start with?
No.
Do you think it was depression over the loss of your little girl or you think it's a much more complicated situation?
No.
Even when you're described that way, did you worry that's the rest of your life that's how you'll going to be labeled now as the Amish Mass Shooters widow?
You know it's a really hard thing for me to see that and have minds months and even years after.
How have you dealt with that?
ONVILLE: You know I knew that they needed to know all the details of that before they went back to school even that first week.
Did they feel angry towards him for what he did, not just those poor young girls but also to his own family?
You know I think there are a lot of emotions wrapped up in that.
What goes through your mind?
Well, it takes me back to that moment and my heart breaks for everyone involved in those situations.
He has -- We had an array of firearms on him, do you think it's too easy of people who have mental illness to get their hands on killing machines?
I mean, you know, Charlie had always enjoyed hunting and that was something that he did with his dad and the guns were locked at his parents home in a safe.
You think it's too easy to get guns that given there were millions of people in America that have a form of mental illness?
You know I think that it's hard to keep them out of their hands if that's so their choice.
You found love again?
Yeah.
How difficult was it for you to trust a man after what had happened to you?
You know I knew that if I wanted to have a relationship that was vibrant and alive with my husband Dan that I couldn't drag the past into my future that there was no future in the past.
ORGAN: Did you ever meet any of the families of the girls in the schools?
Yes I have.
Dana are we seeing a puff of political white smoke?
I wouldn't call it white smoke yet but we're definitely at the point where we could at least look up to the tower and see if there could be smoke anytime soon, which is a lot further away than we were just a few hours ago, Piers.
Did you clash with the President is that fair to say?
I did.
How did you - What did you clash over, was it about how to reopen the government and went to do it?
If you focus on things that might be clashing, those are probably be in a book someday.
I hear that Joe Biden is still trapped inside the White House is that a good sign the great deal maker hasn't emerged yet?
I think that is a good sign, Piers.
Let's start with you Jim Himes, what are you sensing?
Well, I'm encouraged.
How do you see the deal which is probably pretty close to being done now actually being completed?
Well I agree very much actually with what Jim had to say.
Have you got anything to say that this doesn't look very good the way this is all played out?
Well, first of all, I never sort about looked to Donald Trump for what is true and good in this world, but also look, Donald Trump in his business when he doesn't like how something is going, he can just do as he does and say you're fired.
Tom Cole, do you think that Donald Trump is a force of evil in this world as Mr. Himes seemed to be implying at?
No.
From the default?
Hold it let me answer you a question.
Now look, you are the man to talk to you here, where is this deal in the devil of the detail going to get done do you think?
Well that's a good question and I would still say if.
Is that your take on it?
Yes, you just had a great conversation with a Democrat and a Republican.
The question is how high of a political price did they pay to get them?
(inaudible) stuff, John King, thank you very much indeed.
What is your take with all your experience at this?
Well, going back to my experience on the Watergate Committee which you referenced.
Have you ever known Washington be so partisan vicious frankly, is this how'd become?
It started actually, my recollection is subsequent to the Nixon effort which ended up the way it ended up with his resignation.
Now, your client has been charged of reckless driving and unlawful imprisonment, what is your position with him?
Well, my position with my client is that he committed no crime.
Why is he looking behind him to make a lane change?
Well, he's on a motorcycle, you got to understand he's not in a motor vehicle where, you know, you're looking at your side mirrors and you feel a little bit more comfortable, safer.
What do you make of this defense of Mr. Cruz?
Well, with all (ph), obviously, I'm not defending or speaking to Benjamin's client where he is, but from a video standpoint, you know, I just don't buy it, I mean, he wasn't making a lane change.
What do you think he's doing?
They were surrounding that vehicle obviously -- look, don't forget this has been precipitated by 200 911 calls that these guys are riding, terrorizing the West Side Highway in Manhattan, one of the busiest streets in the country in that sort of pot-like (ph) mentality surrounding vehicles that got in their way and that's exactly what they did here and what I believe Mr. Cruz was doing was basically going to slow this guy down and basically surround these guys which they eventually did.
He raised -- and we've all seen the video, but do you think that there is a proper defense for what he did?
Now is your proper defense is there is clearly, in my opinion, no wrong turn, this is a tragedy what we're seeing here but what I'll say is this, the law is if you reasonably believe that he was in danger when he acted then he is good to go.
You'll think of the family?
Yes.
ORGAN: Wife, children?
I have children.
First of all, what is his condition today?
Well, unfortunately the doctors have told him that he has 99 percent probability of never being able to walk again.
Donald Trump, if you were the CEO of Washington Incorporated right now, how many times would you been saying, "You're fired" in the last few weeks?
Well, probably a lot but they really have to learn to get along.
As a top businessman, what do you think of that?
Well, nobody knows.
Can you even believe that figure?
No.
The laugh of the (inaudible) because actually they have a position of strength don't they?
They have played us.
How did you feel when you heard the death payments to the widows and families of dead servicemen and women in the American military were not going to be paid?
Well, I thought it was one of the most outrageous things I've ever heard and I've been doing this for a quite a while.
How these guys can get together and do better business?
OK.
What advice can you give about the arts of doing a deal, of doing business?
Well, I think one of the biggest problem is that they don't like each other.
Is that a problem, do you think?
I think it is, because I don't think he's a natural dealmaker.
You go along with that?
Well, I do look.
What do you do about it?
Well, and again, it's jobs.
How do you feel as an American?
Yes ...
As an American, do you not feel embarrassed when this kind of thing happens?
Well, you know, when the Statue of Liberty, Piers, was closed and they announced and everything, I thought it was very bad.
Donald, I like just to give an immediate reaction to all the following names with your apprentice, (inaudible), if they were in the board room, what you would say?
OK.
Hired or fired?
OH, I'd hire, absolutely.
Would you hire him?
Well, I'd hire him.
ObamaCare?
ObamaCare is a disaster.
Has she taught you how to twerk?
I don't know if I can't do it like her.
So Dana, where are we?
Well, you know what Piers last night where there were so much hope, so much optimism just because of the fact that the two sides actually sat eyeball to eyeball and talked for an hour and a half.
So, a little ticky (ph) bird told me early this evening that your first ever concert was would you like to confirm what it was?
I would love to, I'm proud of it Donny & Marie.
The worst thing since slavery, I mean when hear this kind of nonsense, what is your reaction?
Well, I mean I think I have very strong feelings about the value of, of health care reform and what it's going to mean in the lives of millions of Americans it what it means for at people in my home state.
That's pretty outrage isn't it?
Yeah.
So, how come you've been furloughed which I would imagine would be pretty irritating for anybody but you're a big supporter of the guy that's basically caused it?
Well, I mean, as for why I was furloughed is because 97 percent of NASA has been shutdown and I'm part of that 97 percent of the 17 percent of the government that has been shutdown for this.
What do you think of that?
Well, you know, I'm a pretty simple guy.
That's not good for America or is it?
Well, you know, we used -- laid all that at Senator Cruz's feet, you're laying off a lot.
Tell me this, if in a year's time, God forbid, the government remains shutdown and you still haven't been paid any money and NASA has effectively ground to a hold, would you still have such a cheery view of its necessity?
Well, I wouldn't say I have a cheery view.
The slight segue here, ever since I've got you here as a NASA engineer, have you seen "Gravity," the hit movie yet?
No, I haven't but my daughter called me last night and said it was just awesome.
It's absolutely stunning to watch but I do wonder in what would happen to poor old Sandra Bullock and George Clooney if that was to happen right now with most of NASA furloughed?
Well, you know, right now of course, I believe that they have the mission controls fully staffed right now.
That the government shutdown?
No, shameful.
Your thoughts?
Well, you know, I certainly I'm not comfortable with that.
And I certainly image you play most cricket, right?
No, but I hadn't been good at that too.
What did you feel?
You know, I wouldn't call it my life, Piers.
Is America more or less racist since it got its first black President?
You know, I certainly think that some of the issues that Obama has are because he's a man of color.
When you see the shutdown of the American government, the squabbling, and the poison between the two sides in Washington, that's as a great American sportsman and a great American, what do you make of it?
I'm disappointed.
When you walk up the third time, what were you thinking?
My focus was small.
As it's soaring away, then, what are you thinking?
Oh, boy, that's hit good.
What if you can relive one moment with your whole career begin, what would it be?
I'll relive the three homers.
How come I know for a fact I'm six years younger than you and you look about 10 years younger than me?
Wait a minute.
I'm 29, so how old are you?
What -- I was reading this morning.
When you see 12 year old Marie, as we just saw there, would you change anything, all the swings and things that are arise of outrageous fortune you've been through?
You know, I wouldn't change anything.
He was fascinating?
He was.
So, you might think unusually perceptive of him, but what do you think of what he said there?
Well, that's how we were raise; we were raise by the same parents.
Do, you resent the fact that you missed a conventional childhood or do you celebrate the fact that it was so fabulous?
I love letting my children have as normal life as possible.
Do you twerk?
I work.
And so, do you want to stand her desperation to break out and be something else even it's a bit naughty?
You know, I think everybody has a choice to do what they want with their brand, I don't think she is -- she is stupid, I think she knows exactly what she is doing.
Because you must have it with Donny all the time the way you navigate through it?
Well, you know, there are many right ways, there -- you know, you may think you're right, I may think I am right, we need both be right.
And what did you feel?
I think it was my faith in God that pulled me through it.
So in a sense rather than damage of faith it will be, strengthened your faith?
Absolutely.
Dana, are we nearly there?
We're getting closer, but I'm definitely not going to predict that we are there we have seen these things fall apart and, you know, die several death before they come back to life.
So how do you see tomorrow shaping up in terms of important key moments?
The key for this moment is going to be 11 A.M. tomorrow morning.
Can we genuinely look forward to a deal tomorrow do you think?
I certainly hope so.
How much blame do you lay at the feet of Senator Cruz?
I lay almost all of it at his feet because he's the one who started this.
Was the sheer venom of one Republican on other Republican, what is going on with the GOP right now?
Well, I mean I understand where Peter King is coming from in terms of that frustration but that's really passing the buck.
So, it's like but am I the most naive person in America or wasn't it the same Senator Cruz that caused the shutdown that led to all this?
Well, he was definitely a part of it in all that that the challenge of it is not just that there's a shutdown is that something unique did happen.
What was your reaction first of all to what he just said?
Well, it's just unbelievable that what they're outraged about is not that 800,000 federal employees are furloughed.
I mean the question that should be asked is why did we have to shut the government down in order to make sure that we could find a way to work together on other issues?
Well, the sheer nonsensical situation that the guy who caused it standing by the barricades if thing go on.
Very quickly, tell me about the book and what do you think we can learn from this in relation to what's going on right now?
Well, I wrote it really as one mom who happens to serve in Congress.
Women, do you think?
And we need more women...
It wasn't for all these testosterone alpha males marching around?
You know, I think we need more women because in my experience in the women in Congress on both sides of the aisle talk about this all the time, how if they just put us in a room together more often, we could solve a lot of these problems.
Are these good times for South Africa?
South Africans say yes.
... what is going on will quite likely lead to significant increases, you know, general cost?
And when all of that happens, housing markets slows down.
What do you make of the way they're conducting their business in America's name?
RMAN: They are playing, as I said before in my opinion, political shenanigans.
Whatever your income may be?
Well, if we hadn't just been coming out of one of the most major devastations to the United States, 2008, 2009, and so forth, maybe there would have been time to plan for this but many people, Piers, were out of work to no fault of their own truthfully, we totally shrank during those years and now they were just getting back on their feet again.
Should they do it weekly, monthly, how should they do it in a most effective way to capitalize on that income?
Most likely, every time they get a paycheck, if they could automatically pay themselves first, you know, most people, the truth of the matter is they don't have any money.
What can America do as a nation to tackle those two huge hydrous which are dominating the economic landscape?
Truthfully if I had an answer for that right now I probably would be President of the United States.
So, what is your message to them going forward?
You have a few months here to get your act together.
Why did you think the December the 14th would be a good day to show Americans a good side to guns Mr. Gottlieb?
Well, Piers we pick that date because the gun prohibition lobby was planning on accelerating and launching their new attacks on 80 million law abiding firearms owners, firearm civil rights.
Why you -- why you laughing?
Because that's totally over the top, that's not what our intent was, that's not what -- we were going to do was.
How dare you?
Piers how dare the anti-gun movement I've been using this tragedy all year long...
How dare you?
Hey, my heart goes after them.
70?
I won't back off...
80 times?
...people like you.
...why shouldn't anybody else?
Mr. Gottlieb, you're misquoting it.
I said that I will use that day to promote gun safety on behalf of those families, which part of that sentence do you find offensive?
Because your definition of gun safety is banning guns and confiscating guns.
How many gun murders we have a year in Britain Mr. Gottlieb?
Well, actually if you read the reports today, the...
How many gun murders a year?
...the only important in Britain -- well, one of the promises that...
And you know the reason?
Well, guess what...
You want less Americans to own guns period, right?
I think that would be a good thing, yes.
Do you remember the last time we had an interview together?
But look, there's so many people everyday saved their lives because of gun...
Do you remember the last time you came on my show?
Yes, I do.
What day was that?
It was right after the Newtown.
Houston, do you read?
Houston.
How do we get past this notion that you have to celebrate the anniversary of Sandy Hook with pro-gun campaign?
Well, I don't think there's many people out there that want to do that, Piers.
Isn't it?
It is ridiculous.
Captain Kelly, have you seen "Gravity", what do you make of it?
Gabby and I went to see that about a week ago, Piers.
Let me start with you Brianna, what is going on down where you are and will there be any re-election tonight?
No, really at the White House, we're not expecting to see President Obama and the action very much is on the senate where allies (ph) are at the White House at this point, President Obama said today he does believe that the shutdown will be over by Thursday.
And in terms of both, which may actually lead to a real deal, what is the process?
Well, there are potential scenarios which I won't get into because it will probably make your head spin in the senate.
Is this likely?
Well, it's hard to say at this point.
What is your view of his behavior?
Well, I think that one of the things we all should do right now is not talk about personality.
At what point is the out right selfish, self-interest of Ted Cruz and his colleagues outweigh the American interest in the global economic interest?
There again, I think that we don't do is talk about personalities ...
Are you prepared to see that risk?
Absolutely not.
... as a Party to avoid that?
I continue to work with other republicans in the House to see if we can find a resolution to this issue.
So, even if the president were in -- you know, if the president had any ability to control the republicans and the House of Representatives, which by the way, the Speaker of the House does not have as evidence by the failure of his idea today even if the president could control the House of Representatives, what would you be negotiating on?
A little later there (ph), Jim Himes and Marsha Blackburn, thank you both very much indeed.
What happens to money in America and around the world?
Nothing immediately unless there's delay in payment by the U.S. Treasury.
How does that factor rate?
Look, let me tell you the first part of that question is what happens if they don't raise the debt ceiling and the U.S. is in this case where Richard was talking about, we're trying to pick and choose which bills to pay that would be really terrible for your 401K, it would be terrible for stock.
What did you mean by that?
It's very simple Piers.
You study these markets around the world but almost anybody I know, at what point do they start to really tank (ph) and at what point does it become almost inevitable that massive financial damage will be done regardless of whether they reach any kind of law second settlement?
So, on the second issue, Piers, damage has been done, has been done to the real economy, people are spending less, companies are hiring less, so that's a real problem because it's not like our economy was growing very fast to begin with.
Is all this just going to kill that, but also we're heading back to a potential risk of recession again?
Look, it is kind of productive at best.
What is your gut feeling about how bad this is going to be?
I'm worried about the complacency.
Alan Dershowitz, let me start with you because this is fascinating, do you taught Ted Cruz at Harvard?
Well I'm not sure how much I taught him but I sat in the front of the class while he was in the class raising his hand, always his right hand making very intelligent points and really winning debates all the time in the class including winning debates with his professors.
One of the best students you've had?
One of the sharpest students I had.
What do you think his strategy is?
I think he deeply believes what he's doing.
When he is basically taking an established law like ObamaCare, whether you like possibly don't know or even know a thing and using that as a stick to shut down the American government, that's taking you a bit far, isn't it principle?
Not only that I think it really raises very serious constitutional questions of the kind that Ted Cruz should be interested in.
What is the problem and from all your experience and is detailed in your book, how do we get through this?
Well, I had suggested a mediator but it's too late now we're on the brink of a major decision, a catastrophic decision that we don't take action.
Is that great leadership?
Well, if you look at the record, Piers, the president has called the leadership then (ph).
I mean, is this split between a newly galvanized Tea Party on the main body politic of the GOP, going to be a very much of problem form (ph)?
It's going to be a problem form (ph).
Would you like to see most members of congress reelect next election among rich (ph) voters?
No. 74 percent ...
Did you imagine him actually making a serious run for presidency?
I think he's heard (ph) his chances of doing that because to get to be the president it's not enough to win some primaries.
When can we expect to see President Obama actually signing all this off?
We are expecting for him to sign that tonight.
Mr. President, do you believe this is going to happen all be over again in a few months?
No.
Is there any doubt really that there has been a big win for the White House tonight and a big defeat for the Republicans?
No.
Why?
-- Well, particularly inside the Republican leadership, not just in the Senate, but the House.
Is he conceivable that he could emerge despite your misgivings just now as a potential nominee for Republicans, and could they win an election with somebody like him at the helm?
Look, here is the thing.
How long could we expect it to sit there before President Obama signs it?
If it is at the White House, it probably wouldn't sit there very long before he signs it.
Is this all bipartisan joy tonight?
We have got a lot of work we need to do together, and we have to work across the aisle to get it done.
Did the Republicans really, do you think feel that they have suffered a massive defeat here or is it a temporary setback?
Well, Piers, I do believe it was a worthy objective, Obama Care has significant issues and problems.
And, congressman, which way did you vote tonight?
I voted with it.
I presume that you voted in favor of it, as well, right?
Of course.
Is it time, Josh Barro, that we considered actually bringing in some kind of severely punitive measure like that which focused all the politicians' minds in Washington?
I think a lot of that stuff ends up being kind of gimmicky.
Is it possible to avoid all of this when you have a $17 trillion national debt?
If you have grown-ups who will sit down and take a look at blue ribbon panel after blue ribbon panel of debt commission recommendations and everybody has to give something up and make hard choices and may be from that get re-elected, then you could solve the problem with the $17 trillion debt and deficits, and you can move forward.
What are you feeling?
IZZA: Well, this is a giant waste of time and makes you want to, you know, leave Washington and not cover politics anymore.
Come on Ben Ferguson, what do you make of this?
Hold on.
Can we get confirmation on that?
I am assuming.
And, Ben Ferguson, is Senator Cruz hero or villain in all this?
I think he is a brilliant guy that is going to end up being a hero absolutely coming out of this, because he has had all the attention, be focused now on two issues.
Well, if you have a bigger gain plan is what happens next -- Ben Ferguson unless I'm misreading this, I would imagine come tomorrow and certainly all of next week what we'll see from Senator Ted Cruz is a rampaging of sort on Obama Care, right?
Sure.
You think?
I think the only --
Even Hillary Clinton?
Only people fainting at her at her rallies are going to be chubby gals from now.
ORGAN: Do you think she will be the Democrat nominee?
I kind of hope so.
Who would you next fear on the Democrat side?
Obama.
Who is the most electable right now?
Well, that remains to be seen.
If he were the Republican candidate?
Your vote makes it very clear.
I'm saying who do you think can exercise your desire to have a winner?
I'm not sure, I want to see them in debates.
But, my point is that do you think that he could be more electable to a wider cross section just to win the nomination and mind you, a Republicans?
We'll see, it is very possible.
And Republicans don't do that?
No.
Why?
Because that is all -- because there is no chapter more than ten pages, a lot of it is greatest hits of mine from the last ten years.
It is fun, right?
It is fun.
You do?
Disagree with most of it, but I agree to some of it.
No -- Do you actually write them yourself?
I not only write them, I research it myself, which is why I don't have a T.V. or radio show.
Do you like being so polarizing?
No.
What do you hope to achieve with the book?
Well, my big goal was getting on this show.
How are you feeling after all this?
I drove to West Virginia today, Piers, so I'm feeling very good right now.
What kind of pledges can you give going forward?
First of all, they tell me how bad things looked on what they've seeing.
I mean, what is your view if you were being this passionate about it?
Piers, the only thing I can tell you is without trying to find some (inaudible) or whatever some words that would describe it.
What are you going to do about this young renegade who doesn't really care about being reasonable?
Well, I know Ted.
What about putting him on Cruz point man to point man?
Cory is going to be welcome (ph) edition.
Is that your take on the whole thing?
Sure.
How can he be stopped and how dangerous and how potentially powerful is he as a rival faction to moderate (ph) republicans?
Well, I don't think he is particularly dangerous unless the American people find his message accurate.
... could he still work the system to force one?
No.
How (inaudible) are you?
It's nice to be here.
Why did it come to this and how do we avoid happening all over again in January?
EINER: Well, unfortunately I don't see a dynamic that it changes all that much.
Why?
Well, I mean, there's two things here that makes me laugh.
What do you want to say to this?
No.
Is it Chris Christie or is it actually potentially someone like Ted Cruz?
Well, I see no reason why this dynamic won't play out in the primary context.
And if so, does he deserve more support about it getting right now?
Well, I think if you look at Ted Cruz and what he could have.
The question is who can do that?
I have to wrap it up there.
How did you come up with that message?
That is something that I tell him when he threw something in school.
Do you believe in your heart after all this time that he's still alive?
Yes, I do.
What do you feel in your gut?
I feel that someone has him and holding him because there's not a surveillance tape around that shows him at all in a train station, out walking in the street, anywhere.
If he was down there, with all the attention that is now received, do you believe that he would've been discovered now, is that's why you feel he must have been taken against his will?
Yes.
Do you believe Vanessa that the school was negligent?
Yes.
They should never let him out of the school, it should have been impossible?
Yes.
I mean, do you think that could have happened?
Even though he's 14, it shouldn't matter.
Vanessa, if by any chance he's able to watch this interview either now or when is replayed perhaps tomorrow or somebody who was holding him as you believe is watching you, what would your message be first to Avonte and then to perhaps somebody who maybe holding him?
My message to my son is, that I love him and we'll going to find him, you'll come home to your family.
So, Star Jones would it (ph) been better off to kick all the men out of the rooms here in Washington and let the women trash (ph) it out or is that just a terrible cliche that actually (inaudible) wouldn't have actually made any difference?
Well, actually we did make a difference.
Oh you wouldn't?
I think you're totally sexist.
And all women is instinctive (inaudible) you think less testosterone field?
Well, there's no question.
I tell you what?
Let me hear what you got to say.
Well, you're saying that the have a lion share of the practicality of the household, right?
You have to be pragmatic.
Did you see that?
... how we've been.
What you make of Ted Cruz down in Texas?
I don't think Kay Bailey Hutchison knows who is calming down the fight.
Do you not believe that Ted Cruz is sincere?
I think that Ted Cruz is very focus on Ted Cruz.
Where does it move from that to the severity of what has happened here, in other words where there's a genuine risk that somebody may take their life?
Well, they were saying stuff like, "Go kill yourself.
Where does it lie at the moment and where do you think it should be?
Unfortunately, there's not a lot of responsibility put on parent's shoulders to the way their kids act online.
How do you regulate what you can't get access to?
Well, Piers, you can get access to it.
At the same time, having had, you know, three teenage kids, how far can you really say parents have to be legally responsible to every word they may post on social media?
I don't think they can be for every word.
How far do you take it?
Piers, I absolutely do.
What should the law do about it?
Well, Piers, there's one thing that's very much missing from this conversation and that is a whole lot more support for the victim of the bullying or the stalking or both.
What is the best sensible way to frame a law that can deal with it?
Well, it's very hard because you have to balance on the one hand freedom of speech and freedom of expression against the very understandable needs of the victim.
What is your thinking on all this from your crisis point of view?
Well, first of all I have a 15 year old and an eight year old.
Is that your man from Harvard?
Yes, and that's exactly what I said on your show the other night.
Can I pay (ph) for that?
I'm going to make that happen if it kills me.
What do you make of him?
First of all, beware of people who are dismissing him and beware of people who impugn his motives and I grant him sincerity and I'm a great believer in assuming somebody is sincere and just sincerely disagreeing with his views.
Are you impressed by what you see in here just in terms of the way he conducts (ph) himself?
Well, I think he's very bright but unless the GOP is on some kind of suicide mission where they would like to just go off in flames in the next election, I would say that they're not going to nominate him for president that he does obviously represent a lot of people in the Tea Party and some people in Texas who are also very conservative.
Should she still be in her job given the pretty upholding breakdown of the ObamaCare system, if she's on her watch?
I think we need to correct the system and make it easier for people to have access, but no.
Even Hillary Clinton?
Only people fainting at her and her rallies are going to be chubby gals from now.
Do you think she will be the democrat nominee?
I kind of hope so.
Who do you most fear on the Democrats side?
Obama.
Who's the most electable right now?
Well, that remains to be seen.
Could he win the election?
If he were the republican candidate, OK.
... who do you think can exercise your desire to have a winner?
I'm not sure I want to see them in debate.
Ted Cruz?
Yes.
Isn't he the new king of the Tea Party where she was once queen?
I don't see the analogy but I love them.
Yes, but my point is I mean, do you think that he could be more electable to a wider cross section just to win the nomination and mind anything else and republicans?
Well, see it's very possible.
And republicans don't to do that?
No, look at how we've been doing in elections.
How did you hear about it?
I didn't see it.
Do you see at home (ph)?
I did and I started to cry.
Really?
Yes.
Do you believe that?
No, no, I can't.
What?
I'm gay.
What?
Are you ...
ORGAN: When you said those words, when you're a straight man, so you're playing a gay character did you have any conception of the enormity of that moment both to the debate we just discussed but also to you and to your career?
The time we did that episode we were three seasons in or maybe possible, I think was three.
Again, going back to the Biden clip there when you look at Washington and the ridiculous shutdown of the government and squabbling of the debt ceiling, all this stuff we've all have to endure (inaudible) for the last two weeks, do you think that should be some kind of show on television which does for the Washington dysfunction what Will & Grace did for the gay marriage debate and the gay rights debate?
I mean absolutely.
A floor and half, it's properly clenched (ph)?
We've grabbed each other.
He's nine years old?
Nine.
And how many people are in the elevator?
There were nine of us, eight of us something like that.
(Inaudible) limit?
It could have.
What you do up to for the moment?
I'm about to start rehearsal on my first Broadway play.
But, does it have a name?
It does.
Eric, what are you up to?
I was starting back on the third season of Perception on TNT.
(Inaudible) with great funness with -- did you miss it?
I totally -- the process was unlike -- the sitcom is unlike anything else.
Do we know how old the young victims were, outside of the math teacher?
Yes.
And is there any clues, Stephanie, stage about motive or who the intended target was?
They don't know just yet and if they do, they haven't told us.
Without naming the boy who we believe did this, because we cannot do that at the stage, did you know him personally?
Yeah, I knew the person with the gun.
Why do you think he would possibly do this with a gun and shoot such a well liked teacher and indeed, some of his school colleagues?
I believe it was because I saw him getting bullied a couple of times and I think he took out his bullying on it.
Obviously, as every parents' nightmares, Tabatha that your kid goes to school and gets caught up in a shooting like this and what is your take on what happened today and what do you know about the family and this boy who might have committed the shooting?
Well, I know that he knows my daughter personally and she always said just wonderful things about him and that he was, you know, getting picked on pretty regular and that, you know, but he always had the smile, he was always, you know, just a very nice boy to everybody and so it's just, you know, I just find it difficult to get that he, you know, he got bullied but he didn't have anybody to talk to, that he didn't have anybody to go to in the school before he decided to do this, you know.
Do you believe that teachers, that some people say, should be armed?
No, I mean, it's just sad that this happened at all guns at school, you know, junior high, just, you know, bullying, all of it.
They're going to be OK, but do you know them, and what do you think about what happened to them?
I did not know them but I did know that they were friends of the shooter and I believe that -- I'm just happy they're OK.
What is your reaction to this?
Well it's pretty sad, Piers.
What do you think Mr. Mayor is the answer to this unrelenting tidal wave of gun violence in America?
You know, I don't know.
Do you know much about him?
You know, I don't know much about Mike.
As suppose you have this question I would ask you about all this is what guarantees were given to the President that ObamaCare and its system were ready to go live and who gave them?
Well, there's a lot of fascination obviously with pointing the finger of blame for the fact that the website associated with the Affordable Care Act has not been performing as effectively as it should be, and no one is more frustrated by that than the President as he said earlier today in the Rose Garden.
At what point if this continue, say we're in I don't know six weeks time or two months time and you're having the same about of difficulty with the system, at what point do you consider a head rolling?
It shouldn't be about, you know, making -- having heads roll or firing people, Piers.
If it's not him who's it going to be?
Absolutely.
In terms of the other obvious question which is the penalty that comes from the end of March, you have to subscribe by then or get a penalty, have you considered delaying that and at what point would you consider delaying that if the answer is no at the moment?
Well, first of all, it's important to know, Piers, that we're three weeks into a six month process so this is still very early days.
He tempted to do that?
Well, I don't think Senator McCain is far off in what we're talking about here in front of the tax surge.
Karmel, how are you?
I'm doing fine.
What was going through your mind?
Mostly, "Oh no, don't faint."
You see yourself as a great example of ObamaCare at its finest as the president himself led back to save you?
It's a funny metaphor I suppose.
And what did he say to you after with the president (inaudible)?
He was, you know, he asked how I was doing, make sure I was OK and, I mean, I was extremely appreciative of that.
Isn't it that true though Amy?
No, I mean think conservative and libertarians would say, if something is this deeply flawed like at Apple product or a flat screen TV or Amazon.com, you don't have to buy it.
Did a civil war after which will come a more cohesive united Republican Party which actually in the end may have a better chance to win the election?
We've got to get this out of sports.
Could he not in the end win this civil war in his own policy (ph)?
I agree with all of that.
If you insist (ph) bigger disasters, it appears to be, shouldn't she be resigning (inaudible)?
I don't think we have all the information.
Are you serious?
She was in-charge of this website.
Why, I though you love it?
Because -- no, that's not the only prevision.
At what point do we say a head must roll if it doesn't work?
I mean that's just ...
Who's been your favorite scoundrel?
Oh, God.
Which is?
I mean when you done the show 18 years, it was even incredible.
Do it live?
No, the other part that you just said.
And what's been your favorite moment?
Oh God.
What's the moment you relive again personally?
I don't know that I relive it again but it certainly struck me.
Why is it, Deborah?
... have no access.
Why is it that nothing ever changes in America after all these gun outrages?
I don't know that you can say that nothing ever changes.
I mean you are -- could have make -- you're in good nick for 86, don't you?
Sorry, excuse me.
Does that give you any qualms at all, Edward?
It makes me feel very fortunate and I just think that, well, it's difficult for people to understand, and I know that certainly, if it's not unique, it's certainly very unusual, but we're happy.
Excuse me?
She's not going to have a baby.
Why would you do that to a child?
OK.
And pretty most of your technical question, which is silly, I don't mean to be impertinent, but how have you managed to have a baby at 86?
Some time ago, when I had a reverse vasectomy, the doctor without my knowledge stored some sperm and when I got out of prison I was made aware of it and ...
And what was it?
$750,000.
But actually, he hasn't got money or gold, isn't that right?
No, he doesn't.
Do you have any guilt?
A little bit, but not a whole lot, not enough to be classified as a gold digger.
I mean I -- as much (inaudible), I mean do you think this is for life or you think you may have more young wives as we go on?
I'm the last one.
How can you be such sure of that?
It's in here.
Is it as bad as you've ever known it, the poison and the ranks there?
I'm a life long Democrat and hardly in the position to critique the Republican Party.
Do you change diapers, Edwin?
Yes, sir.
Are you good at it?
Absolutely.
Do you recommend having an 86-year-old boy toy?
Of course, I do.
Really?
Well, if it works for you, I mean I'm happy with it.
You got one?
Thank you.
Are they of the belief that this is in the end, going to be a force for good or do they believe as many Republicans would have us believe that this is really deeply troublesome?
You know, it's interesting and it's very hard as you might imagine, Piers to think any large community including the medical one with one broad brush.
UPTA: The President did say that he was angry about this, I mean, do you know when he first knew that there was a problem?
Well I think it became clear fairly early on the first couple of days that ...
So not before that though?
Yes.
There was no concern at that point even the White House or at HHS?
I think that we talked about having testing going forward and if we had an ideal situation and could've built the product in, you know a five-year period of time.
What was your gut feeling when you finish the interview?
I mean, I asked her three separate ways, you know, I mean, and certainly, I'm not the only asking her this question.
Did you ever talk about resigning to the President?
What I talked about is doing the job that I came here to do.
If this persist or even at this point now, would you consider resigning over this?
I think my job is to get this fully implemented and to get the website working right and that's really what I'm focused on.
What do you think?
Well, it's a huge list but I'm a friend of Kathleen's and I'm a friend whenever she's in trouble.
What is your normal strategy?
Occasionally, I have to chop it off, but basically, I believe in sticking by people.
When you look down the line here, what do you feel about these two guys?
I would love to be judged by the two Howards.
And I knew then I had a deal because Howard, the Buffett handshake means a lot, right?
Well, what I've learned growing up in our family is that, you know, integrity is everything.
Regardless of any bit of paper?
Regardless of any piece of paper.
And do you still prefer to do business with a handshake?
Yes, I prefer to do business with people I like.
But let me ask you, HWB, what is the single best lesson you have learned from the elder Buffetts in your life, so far would you say?
Well both my grandfather and my father have been the most amazing role models that anyone could imagine.
So we've got plenty of tweets pouring in Jane Fagan Smith (ph) said what's the most important advice you've ever had about investing that you would impart to others?
Well, it's to look at stocks as part of the business rather than little things that blob up and down.
Do you have to personally enjoy the stocks that you buy big in?
Well, I enjoyed them.
So we used a major rock star writers, there was one request, anything Coca-Cola related?
No.
How long have you had that one?
Well, I don't throw anything away until I got it 20 or 25 years.
Do you use e-mail?
I do it through my assistant.
Who to?
I sent it to Jeff Wright at Microsoft and it ended up in court in Minneapolis court.
Is that right?
Well, it's not so old.
You're not into flash things, are you?
Well, I have everything I want, you know, I'm happy.
... the rent went down?
Yeah, and I try to feed him candy and pie and all this ....
So it didn't work?
No, not really.
This deal, I mean it's instinct that the two incentives one worked and one didn't would you regret the weight incentive that you laid down with your son?
I would say it was dumb.
Do you have the same criteria?
You know, I don't think I've ever done that.
You don't seem to face, why?
Well, for one thing, if they combine their credits, we can get one degree and that's
How much did you pay?
$34 billion all of it.
Do you ever make big mistakes?
Sure, sure.
That's -- If you look back, must be the one you think I should never have done that?
Well, I bought company in the mid '90s called Dexter's Shoe and paid $400 million for it.
Many say the brains really behind the power, would you agree with that Warren?
Yes, I do.
But not you Howard, what did you do?
Well, I had a roll of windows in my room and, you know, I open the window up, we had this greenhouse so I'd be careful climbing out because I don't want to go through the glass, but I got down and we had our charge account at the local hardware store about five blocks away and I went up there and I convinced the guy to let me charge a has plaque (ph) and buy a screw driver because I don't have any tools and I get everything I needed and I called back up in and I lock her out.
How did you mother react?
I think as it is, she probably got a kick out of it.
How did you change?
I slowly grew up and I wouldn't otherwise at that.
Just to override, anything else you would write?
Sure, sure.
Well, what are the key values that you would like to see other people recognize in your children, your grandchildren, your family or extended family?
Well, I want them to be good citizens, good parents that the -- what the world would be better off because they were here.
What is your definition of that?
Well, I'm not sure I can give you a great one.
He said it's thread bare and dust and has cobwebs, right Howard?
I'm not sure what are the time lock is.
Howard tell me about this book "Forty Chances", why the title?
Well, the "Forty Chances" kind of sort of actually my career farming.
How do you deal with that?
Well, one of the biggest things I've learned is -- I mean there's a lot of great organizations out there.
What do you make of what he's achieved?
Well, he's operating on a premise as are my other two children and with the Gates Foundation too that all lives have equal value.
You're proud of him?
I am very proud of him.
Can you do any better on salary?
Unfortunately, that ranges at a corporate.
More on Buffett negotiating with the gang on NBC is the office that led him the attention to details, I'm with his family, one of the most influential in the world back now with the three generations of Buffets, Warren, Howard G, and Howard W. Do you enjoy being actor there, Warren, well you're quite good?
ARREN BUFFETT: I wouldn't say that, but nice thing about being mildly famous is that the worst you are the better people like it.
If I was to ask you that now what might the answers be?
Well, I must take a look.
Is this Edward (inaudible) on television before?
I got this wallet for -- here's my.
How long have you had it first?
Probably about 20 years maybe.
And what do you had in it?
Here's my American express card from 1964.
That's the one you have the whole time?
Yes, well it goes with my cellphone.
What other cards do you have?
Well, I've variety of card, but there's a picture of the family.
And how much cash?
More than usual that ...
Let me ask you Howard of all the places you've been, of all the issues you've dealt with, what has been the most powerful to you personally?
The resiliency of people.
What is the future for America incorporated, do you think?
Terrific, terrific.
Do you know how much your worth?
Well, you can multiply the bag of purchase but it's all going to -- it's all going to (inaudible).
Pretty illustrious club, right?
Very few people.
Have you ever met Frank Sinatra before he died?
No, I've never met Frank Sinatra.
You're a fan?
And I'm a fan.
And you were fan of ukulele?
Yes, and you just have ...
I've been inundating with tweets, many of them are saying these Buffett boys are a lot of fun are they?
We had a lot fun.
How do you enjoy the last hour?
I've enjoyed it a lot.
How would you like to be remembered?
A teacher, teacher.
Which moment would you choose?
The time with my dad, that moment, any moment.
Why has this happened?
Well, the judge in this case decided to go with what was effectively a Hail Mary path, because Michael Skakel has tried many times to overturn his guilty verdict.
I want to just get your reactions to what has happened today with this news that they maybe a new trial?
Oh, my reaction.
Yes, what is your reaction to this development?
Well, first of all, there's not a way they can erase what was said during the first trial.
Is that something that makes you angry?
Well, if I think about it being angry, but you know, Mickey Sherman did a wonderful job at that trial.
What would you say to Robert F. Kennedy and indeed the wider Kennedy family who clearly share this view?
You know, I don't believe that Robert Kennedy came to the trial very much.
Did you, Mrs. Moxley, have never had a shred of doubts in your mind that Michael Skakel was the person who killed your daughter?
Once we knew who it was.
How have you coped over the years and how do you cope today?
You know something, there are wonderful, wonderful people in this world.
Now what I was asking really Moxley, when was how you personally as Martha's mother have coped with her horrendous death over the last four decades?
OXLEY: You know because I've had such wonderful people who have helped me.
Do you think about the legality of what has happened?
Well, you know, one of the most common things that defendants raise after the trial is my lawyer did a bad job.
And given the proximity of time that is four decades after the death of this poor girl, can real justice still be attained after such a long period of time?
It's going to be very difficult if they have to retrial the case because now there's been yet another 10 years have gone and this has passed away.
What do you feel about regurgitating all this so long after you've been in relation to her and her family?
I have to tell you.
Is this Jeffrey Toobin?
Yes.
What do we know about this case?
Well, we know now the prosecutors are going to try him as an adult and that's going to be up to the grand jury to come back to decide whether or not they try him as an adult.
And the only clue at the moment was blood found in an upstairs room and that led them to find her body is that right?
Yeah.
What was your reaction to the news when you heard what had happened?
When I had found out that Ms. Ritzer was murdered in the school it was devastating.
... Ms. Ritzer?
Oh, she was so kind.
And Brianna what do we know about Philip Chism he was 14 years old, he was at your school did you -- did either of you know him particularly well?
I didn't know him on a personal level but I had seem him around the hall and I knew that he was like really goof soccer player and people really liked him.
Paige, is anybody aware of any problems between him and Ms. Ritzer or any problems that he have with the school in general?
No, I didn't know anything of their relationship.
How are the students all dealing with it?
Yeah.
Can Kathleen Sebelius survive this if it continues to be a mess for weeks, months ahead?
I think the best thing she has going for her is the fact that Republicans are calling for her head because there's nothing that President Obama dislikes more than Republicans calling for the firing.
Do you fear in your darkest moments that when you eventually live this mortal world of Oz that the headline maybe man who kept Dick Cheney alive in decades?
I'll wear it proudly.
I've never meet Dick Cheney but obviously he's got this very tough reputation, very hard politician in anyway, very divisive, what was he like when he's going through such quite regular life and death scenarios in his own private life?
Incredibly courageous.
Tell me this, should somebody who is that sick or potentially could be fatally taken anytime, should they be vice president, were you concerned that actually he maybe old to stand out?
No, I wasn't.
Did it bring back memories to you a precisely the kind of thing that you feared?
You know, I actually didn't see it then I have seen it, but the night that it was broadcast Mrs. Cheney e-mailed me and said, "Oh my God did you see Homeland tonight they just killed the vice president by reprogramming his defibrillator."
I've also been watching this other show Hostages ago with the similar plot line with the terrorist get to the surgeon was about to operate and were you ever concern that people might try and get to you?
No, not at all.
Katie, what an exciting day, you must have been bursting with excitement?
First thing, it was very exciting, I mean it was beautiful over here, the sun was shining and as you said, it was actually a really big day obviously for George but only the second time we've seen him since he emerged from the hospital up to his birth.
What was the idea behind this?
It was to have, you know, everybody who has gone through rough times and hurdles that they have to jump over to come together and to, you know, just share our message that even though we might have things to jump over, you know, we roar.
You must be very proud of all the children that took part in this?
We are.
You're not running this marathon yourself are you?
No, I'm not running the marathon.
Tell me why you're doing this?
Well, you know, I think for one thing.
What is it about the human spirit you think that reacts in such a remarkable way to terrible natural disasters?
Well I think, you know, I don't if I like using the word reduces but it brings us to our most commonality of spirit.
You must be very proud of him?
Yes.
I mean it make you -- it must be a big adventure for them to come and do this?
Yes, I went up and watch them train and it was beyond -- you asked me earlier was I going to run in the marathon, all you had to do is be there and watch them train and let them do it.
There is a rumor that Pamela Anderson might be running with them, is that true?
Pamela Anderson's a force of nature.
And what was your reactions with all that?
I was in Port Prince and my first reaction was that I assumed that it had been something that would be called a terrorist attack.
Is he a bit of both?
In effect, I think that a legitimate whistleblower is one who is the curator of the information that they're distributing.
Very nosy?
Yeah.
What would you have got to say?
I don't it.
Really, really ever been on film?
I don't think so, not that I've ever seen.
Have you ever actually worked with her?
I haven't worked with her, no.
Would you like to?
ENN: I know and I think she's lovely but I haven't.
So what makes her so special?
If I knew, I'd be doing it.
Seriously?
That's not right.
Who are the ones that actually feel slightly in awe?
Where has been all of this, you know, you know, from - Nicholson and De Niro and Marlin and yeah.
... people like Ted Cruz?
He is, he is my American brother.
Did you not?
I met him on several occasions with -- I didn't know him well.
What do you say to young people who want to get in to the Hollywood business and may be even their parents who are going to put their kids into this cauldron?
My opinion is that we notice them because they're in that business.
What would you think about?
That's -- he's exactly right.
What is your overview of that relationship?
Well, he was the big brother I never had quite honestly.
Was he helpful in that sense?
We discussed everything, you know what I mean, and it was literally like a big brother, little brother relationship where we've talked about everything, I would talk about the abuse that I endured in school which is also in the book, the abuse with my parents and also the difficulties of having to go to work everyday instead of being able to play.
I mean does part of you Corey feel, fortunate to still be alive?
Thank God.
I do it brilliantly but I can't cook anything else so this is like a little God send that's arrived because it's packed full of simple recipes for idiots like me, right?
Yes, it is.
I mean for someone who's hopeless like me, what is the simple way to be a good cook?
I don't believe you're hopeless.
Does your other half cook for you?
No, he doesn't.
Never?
EINFELD: But he's actually so obsessed with this book and the fact that you can take something and problem solve.
So talk me through what we have here?
We have chicken wings, which I'm very, very excited about for you.
Do you like chicken wings?
I do like chicken wings.
What do you mean not bad?
It's the First Chili and secondly...
You and I, right?
Yes.
Do you crack jokes as you're cooking?
I drink wine when I cook.
Who's funny, you or Jerry?
I think Jerry is funnier than me.
Who makes you laugh more?
That was good for you.
ORGAN: Who makes you laugh more?
I definitely make him laugh, which is really nice and you have that experience when we run into each other in Los Angeles and you made him laugh.
Anyone from history, from modern times?
Yeah.
Who would your dream dinner party be?
I would love Eleanor Roosevelt, the Beatles, -- little Edie and big Edie.
Who would that be?
My husband.
Obviously, really?
(Inaudible), of course.
It kind of took the wind out of your sails, didn't it?
It did, but, you know, it's about to land bashing (ph) for running a terrible system.
Some of the last two weeks, I mean has it been as I said a comedian's dream this?
They said that about everything.
What do you think?
Well, I think the country in general is on a decline.
I mean she's somebody carry the can for the fact the system has started so badly?
You know, I'm not a big fan of scapegoating.
Ever?
Well, no.
Why get rid of her now to make it -- make the situation worst?
But when she says we're going to be bring in the A-Team.
Hang on a second, she's the president's great initiative?
Oh, I know.
... before?
That's actually true.
Is he really credible that the President whose massive legacy maybe based around this, didn't know anything about anything problematic?
Not credible and not excusable.
Just to clarify you don't like cat videos, right?
I've actually never seen one.
Genuine whistleblower?
Yeah.
No concerns?
I think so.
What is the line?
What we really don't want is a rogue agency.
Why is that?
Well, because I think for one, we don't care to learn about other countries.
I read -- now this week it was two stories in the news and had to do with race, the Julianne, how -- is that how you pronounce that?
Yeah, (inaudible) the face off you.
What you make in her argument?
It's always perfect -- perfectly wrong, you know.
Could it be him against Chris Christie?
It probably will be.
You mean oversees, what are they saying about him?
Yeah.
What would it mean for America and for America's reputations, you think?
You know, we don't know until he -- if he became president.
Will it ever change?
Probably not in my lifetime.
Less people have more guns, isn't that right?
Right.
And will just a federal law encompassing the whole of America?
Absolutely, I mean that's what happens when the tipping point is reached with the states, I think that's what would happen with gay marriage and probably some day with marijuana itself.
You're asking me to choose between my children?
Yes.
Will you literally do stand up until the day they carry you out in a box?
George Carlin did.
Will that be your dream exit from life?
It would be a great way to go.
Truthfully you want to live to be 100?
Well, I'm hoping Reichert Well (ph) is correct and I'll live forever because, you know, he says that what he calls the singularity that's coming in the year 2029 points out that we're already partly machine, people have all kinds of stents and artificial hearts.
Does it matter?
AHER: Well, it does matter because when we didn't use to have this kind of places where you could retreat to your, you know, (inaudible) of thinking, public discourse was the better for it because you had to hear a conflicting idea, now you don't.
Wrestling?
That doesn't get him staying, nothing will.
What do you make of Jay Leno?
I like Jay Leno.
Is it jealousy?
Oh, well, of course a lot of it is that.
He does himself right?
He doesn't have someone talking in the ear of the network executive like the other guys do saying, get rid of Jay, he's too old.
Do you have an agent?
... so he would listen -- of course.
Have you tried to get online yourself?
Well, actually the president tried to get online and my daughter tried to get online.
How on earth has this happened?
Well, it's not for -- it's not a good result as far as I think something very bad for the American people, Piers.
Does the shambles of what is going on in any way justify shutting down the government?
You know, I think as time goes by, I think more and more people are going to see that fighting over the implementation of a law that would be terrible for the American people is worth it and so this is going to require legislative action and you're going to see Democrats coming to the table because they're going to be shamed into admitting that the President lied and that it's a law that would be a disaster for the American people and a lot of these Democrats want to try to get reelected so they're going to come back to the table.
Did he tell the American people repeatedly a bare faced lie in your eyes?
Well, I mean either he lied to the American people or is that he's so grossly negligent in doing his job that it's akin to a lie, Piers.
Should Kathleen Sebelius resign or be fired over this, given she's now said that she must to be held person accountable?
I think the honorable thing to do in a case like this, when you've been given the honor and the privilege to serve as a secretary, a cabinet secretary in the United States for any president, I think there's a certain amount of honor and dignity and saying, "Look, this is a big mess.
Could you see a position where Ted Cruz is your party's nominee to be president?
I don't know who's going to be the nominee, Piers.
So let me start with you, Congressman Pallone, what would you make about Reince Priebus said there?
I mean, it's all a bunch of nonsense, I mean the fact of the matter is that to the Affordable Care Act is working.
Is that right?
Look, yeah.
What about telling the truth?
... have to do with insurance policy.
Am I looking at poo and crusted vomit?
That's exactly was.
Yes here, can you put the glass onto?
Right.
How do we get America back to work?
I think the first thing you have to do is make sure you're looking at a complete narrative.
What is going on with the education system in America that is leading to this kind of statistics?
I don't think things like the skills gap or infrastructure, or currency devaluation, or manufacturing outsourcing.
Would you ever consider plummeting the debts of working in Washington DC?
Good Lord, I'm just going to sip from my champagne.
And if you do, what would you do?
Retire.
So this manure came from where?
This came from a zoo.
What sort of animal produced it?
Well, once in awhile you might get an elephant dung.
Can it be that again?
Sure.
In with new technology now, the way to do this?
We're still the greatest manufacturing force on the planet.
What's the but?
The but is Walmart has committed to bring back 50 billion jobs and manufacturing in the next 10 years.
Really?
$50 billion worth of manufacture...
You think that's a good argument?
Maybe, but I think a better argument is, you know, well, the show that you work on for instance and many shows that if they're very, very popular, not a crisis and all but it's interesting to see an American Idol for instance or an America's Got Talent.
Someone is going lose and then they'll feel bad and then what?
My kids have to learn about losing as well as winning, it makes the winning sweeter.
Has it been everything you hoped it would be?
Yes, it's a lot of work and it's a crowded market now.
Has it drawn out more racism?
Yes.
Or has it begun to deal with it properly?
I think it's impossible for me just as an individual to gauge whether it's more or less.
To the question?
Keep that on a little (inaudible).
When is the last time Jack did something like this?
About 40 years.
Was it Carson?
It may one of -- be Johnny Carson.
It will, wouldn't it?
Let's do it on CNN.
Let's talk about your dream guest who will it be right now?
Well, I'd love to have Hilary come play any instrument, that would be great, you know.
What do you make at Chris Brown?
Wow.
Why should I not think terrible things about Chris Brown?
Well, by the way Mike Tyson just came out and said, "He's worried about Chris Brown."
Do you have any sympathy for it?
Yeah, because gosh he's such a talented entertainer and you got to think that somewhere in his past there's some kind of pain and I don't think he's a bad kid, I think he's a kid doing bad thing.
And what do you make of that?
Well, he's going to have to preach the nine commandments and I think that's going to be a strange, but that was in the (inaudible).
You still do stand-up?
Oh I love doing stand-up.
And how could you do it?
I call -- well, you know, what I go on Sunday nights with Jay Leno down to a place called Comedy and Magic or because he's there every Sunday and sometimes I go out to the ice house I love to still get on the stage on a Sunday night and get ready for the week, and if I can go out after our show some nights, I'll do it.
What about Eddie Murphy, you obviously was so brilliant together, is there chance, any plan you've spoken about doing something again?
Oh, we always talk about doing comedy America, as a matter of fact on the third class of wine you come up with some really great scripts, R. Kelly takes your wife and you have to come find her in Queens.
What are you doing to him?
He is coming on Friday and in the next three weeks I have -- he is bringing Paulina Rubio, and I have everybody from Cal to Murphy, everything in between, every type t-shirt in between, you know.
What a movie?
Anything.
You don't followed it?
Yeah.
Who is pound for pound the funniest person you've ever seen in your life?
Wow.
A lot of stand-up say that, is he deemed to be the unofficial king?
Yeah.
What made him brilliant?
Well, first of all he wasn't afraid to go places in the world of honesty that some comments (ph) won't go to, like if my mother run a whole house I might not tell you.
You know what?
You're one of my comedic legends.
I mean it all sounds very odd doesn't it?
Well, honestly when you look at these two men, former President Clinton was a very effusive, excessive guy.
Finally and break to me if you don't mind Candy, I mean is he going to be rather icy when the Vice President arrives for his morning coffee at the White House tomorrow?
Well I would think probably the happiest person tonight is Hillary Clinton, not to be sitting in the White House as Vice President because in they're in so many trouble right now.
How are you?
Great this is so much fun, I know nothing about this book so you'll get my immediate, spontaneous reaction.
Now it's over, Democrats on the right, the President, this book has a more ripping each others throats are, you must be distraught?
It looks like Christmas everyday.
Would it made any difference to Mitt Romney if his running mate have been Chris Christie?
I don't think so because the reason Romney lost, well two reasons.
Really?
Yeah it's in my book.
That does mean it's true?
It's in their book.
But hypothetically if it does?
It can't.
Send him back to Kenya, what does that mean?
It means nothing, it's a reference to Kenya people laugh because the birth (ph) or thing is crazy.
Is it clearly a joke?
It's clearly not.
Why are the rules so different with the Democrats?
I'm not talking about, I mean 50 years ago.
Is there a nasty sides of the tea party which seeps through with comments like that?
No.
Does he represent a mindset?
It's a joke, this is the guy's father.
It's funny really?
It always kills because it's silly.
Silly?
No one...
What did he have to say about you?
That's trouble.
Do you ?
You're not on everything.
Is it technically possible for a guy like Ted Cruz to be the Republican nominee?
Sure, I hope so, I mean it's very hard to make prediction this far out.
Can he do it with his current policies as he espouses them or will he inevitably have to move more to the center?
Not on the things he's been talking about, I mean ObamaCare is falling apart right now.
Was is it worth shutting down the government with all the pain that cost?
Well, we didn't shut it down.
Are you going out tonight?
I usually, it's my favorite holiday.
Are you going to dress up and go down to Sunset Boulevard in some wacky custome?
I'm on a book tour, I'm going to home and going to bed.
Let me ask you first, what was your reaction when you saw the Red Sox winning the World Series in this outpouring of love for Boston Strong?
It's great, I mean the Red Sox were behind all us victims, the whole time.
What is your condition at the moment?
Sort of really sorry.
What does being -- or what does the phrase, "Boston Strong," mean to you?
I mean, to me, it means -- the first responders, the people in our city, I don't take it as -- for us, the victims, I don't feel it fits us.
What message would you like it to send, the New York Marathon, to the world if you like?
Well, I think the message is that, you know, any city can be strong.
Who told you to do that and how did you feel when you did it?
You know, I was against the idea, originally, because it just seem like kind of a weird psychedelic song from the '60s where the astronaut dies at the end.
Well, what does his e-mail say?
Just -- yeah.
Does that over-ride any of the technical things?
Well, I mean I was really inspired by 2001 Space Odyssey.
I -- was it only it was cracked up to be when you dreamed of this?
It was this little boy's dream too, Pierce.
Kyung what do we know about exactly what happened today?
Well, what passengers are telling us is that they - it was just a normal day at the airport when suddenly, they heard very, very loud popping.
Is that the correct position?
That is absolutely correct.
What else have we learned?
Yeah, Piers, we're starting to get a better picture him, if not his recent life out in Los Angeles and certainly is what growing up here on the east coast in his background here with his family standing outside of his dad's home near in Pennsville, the police have been here for most of the night now.
Did you have any indication from people you talked to?
I don't know, the only indication I have was from a gentlemen I wrote in the bus with through the holding area who said he saw the shooter from down that hallway and it was a large rifle, it had a scope and this gentlemen that I talked to believe that there was a red dot from that scope that moved across his chest, and the chest of the people around him, other than that one account, your guess or you're reporting and certainly is as good as mine.
When this started you heard these bullets going off and this guy shooting indiscriminately, what was going through your head?
Well, I was going to board on flight to Philadelphia.
I mean how do you feel finally about what happened today?
I feel extremely grateful and I feel angry that this feels like Ground Hog Day and, you know, there's -- everyone's always saying it's too soon to have a discussion about Assault Rifles, well I just went through trauma and I think that right now is not too soon.
And is there anything that can be done in light of what's happened to improve security at places like LAX?
Well Piers, as somebody who was in public service for 35 years, our hearts and prayers go out to the loved ones of those who lost loved ones today.
What was your reaction to that?
Well Piers let me just say, that's a silly idea.
Some of the last few weeks, has it been as I said a comedian's dream?
They say that about everything.
I mean, you've covered this for so long, what do you think?
Well I think the country in general is on a decline.
I mean should somebody carry the can for the fact that the system has started so badly?
You know, I'm not a big fan of scapegoating.
Ever?
Well no, well yeah ever if it's actually scapegoating.
Who knows all the details, why get rid of her now to make the situation worse?
When she says we're going to bring you the A Team.
Where was the A Team before?
Well that's absolutely true, there's no defense for that I would never defend him on that.
Is it really credible what that the President, who's massive legacy may be based around this, didn't know anything about it being problematic?
Not credible and not excusable.
This is grand dad not knowing how to use the Internet right?
Exactly, you know, well if I use the clicker will I get another, you know.
That's the patriotic thing to do about a program that is trying to bring healthcare to people in this country who don't' have it?
Now I've warmed you nicely to the top of the pot and the boiling center was coming out of you.
Well you might (inaudible), what do you make of her arguments?
Oh it's always -- perfect, perfectly wrong, you know, right it's the Democrats who only care about power that's right.
Could it be him against Chris Christie?
It probably will be.
And who will prevail?
You know, if it's the primary voters who vote every time, I think it will be Ted Cruz.
Well yeah, what it would mean for America and for America's reputation do you think?
You know, we don't know until he became President what it would mean.
What does this say about American culture that those two issues, people are very happy to move with times and change but one is culturally, apparently irrevocable?
Well because first of all we're the gun (ph) in the country.
Will it ever change?
Probably not in my lifetime.
Are you surprised at the speed with which both those things have moved in public opinion?
No I would hardly call it speedy.
Could you see a time in 30, 40 years in America where issues like gay marriage, marijuana became Federal issues or just a Federal Law encompassing the whole of America?
Absolutely, I mean that's what happens when a tipping point is reached with the states, I think that's what will happen with gay marriage and probably some day with marijuana itself.
Well I thought it moved quite quickly you don't think it has?
No I don't think it has, it's because people always found it so easy to get weed.
You're asking me to choose between my children?
Yes.
Will you literally you do stand up till the day they carry you out in the box?
George Carlin did.
Would that be your dream exit from life?
It would be a great way to go.
DO you think you'll live to be a 100?
AHER: Well I'm hoping Ray Kurzweil is correct and I'll live forever.
Right but does it matter?
Well it does matter because when we didn't use to have these kind of places where you could retreat to your, you know, ghettoization of thinking, public discourse was the better for it because you had to hear a conflicting idea and now you don't.
Wrestling?
If that doesn't get what I'm saying nothing will.
You couldn't even remember that happening?
I was watching the other day, it's really not even coming back to me.
What do you make Jay Leno?
I love Jay Leno, I'm on a bash with Jay Leno.
Why does he get such a hard wrath from other comedians, is it a jealousy?
Well of course a lot of it is that.
Because what I understand I mean incredibly nice, charming?
Yes.
He does it himself right?
He doesn't have someone talking in the ear of the network executive like the other guys do saying, "Get rid if Jay, he's too old."
Do you have an agent?
Of course.
What are the juiciest tidbits you have in from the last few hours?
Well, one of the big things has come out, you mentioned Chris Christie earlier is that someone in the Romney Campaign apparently turned over their vice- presidential vetting file to the authors Mark Halperin and John Heilemann.
I mean I presume Newt will now try and say the nice things to Governor Christie quite hard when you read that about yourself, isn't it?
Yes.
Any surprises in store or is it pretty much in the bag you think?
It's pretty much in the bag with the two big races as they are every off of year or the New Jersey Governor's race and the Virginia race.
What is your reaction?
It was a tough campaign.
ORGAN: Has he gone fat to Chris Christie to say sorry or explain himself?
No.
Do you need somebody that can raise for the White House who has that ability?
Well, as you know, because we've talked about it before, I think governors have an advantage in running for the nomination in 2016.
Is there any doubt, Newt, to think that she's going to run -- Hillary Clinton?
Look.
And how do you fix it?
No.
Is he deeply unpleasant as everyone tries to say he is?
He is a guy that needs to know his place with you.
If you were going into battle tomorrow again say the New York Giants and you could choose either Richie Incognito or Jonathan Martin to be alongside you, who would you go for?
I would go with Martin.
Were would you draw the line?
Well, I think Glenn Greenwald has been very much more -- far more eloquent than I could be about the issue.
What do you think of that, is that another example is letting you down on transparency?
I don't know enough about that, I didn't know that, but I was very disappoint when he said, you know, you could trust us and he implied that we will fix this thing and it's like, you know, that he is lying and on top of that, you asked earlier is he in control of it, I don't think that he is.
Do you remember it vividly, where were you when it happened?
I was in boarding school.
Is America a better or worst country now than it was in the '60s?
Well, I -- from my point of view, when I was -- I didn't know what I knew then.
What makes you so convinced that Lee Harvey Oswald did not attack alone?
When I was in the infantry, I saw men blown away.
Do we ever know which one (ph)?
Well, you can keep saying that but, you know, people have dig in all the time, and there aren't always records.
... more than once in your lifetime, who would you have?
Well, I like Roosevelt and Kennedy I would -- I did not experience Roosevelt.
To be a great rock legend, do you have to have a dash of fashion (inaudible) about you?
Not that you have to you can be a great song writer and great singer but that's swagger, that extra swagger something that becomes more memorable and it adds to the stage performance, and as of that your presence is there and it adds to your, you know, your -- how people view you I think in the public side.
What is the solution to Detroit's problems you think?
Well if I knew that, you know I think it's tough.
It's establish -- should more great Americans success stories be thinking more into stop out sourcing so much?
I think we are.
ORGAN: Really, why him?
You know first of all musically he shattered everything that was out there at the time when he came on all of the great artist whether it was the Beatles or Eric Clapton at the time of the who they were all afraid of Jimmy Hendrix because he was so powerful musically.
Is there any chance?
Absolutely.
Dana, what is the mood there, is it quite confident or slightly twitchy?
You know it's actually nothing quiet about the confidence here.
Any sign of white flags being raised yet, Peter, or is there a little bit poke in the air?
Well, it's kind of up and down mood here, Piers.
Should they be panicking slightly in the McAuliffe camp and if he just sneaks over the line, what is that say for the bigger picture?
Well, win is a win obviously.
The spirit Dana Bash told me of quite noisy confidence down there, was that how you would describe it?
Well, I think the votes that are still out as John was talking about looked very good for Terry.
If they take a defeat tonight albeit quite a close one by the look of it, what will that do to Senator Cruz's chances of keeping his momentum going?
Well, listen, I think the American politics which has always had a strain and extremism but after we swing outside of that strain it comes back to a more moderate.
Is he more of a threat perhaps another Romney-type character or you want it Ted Cruz?
Well, I think that (inaudible) prognostic aid (ph), I do know that as a former governor, governor's more than I think senators are sometimes viewed by actually what they get done.
Is this surprising to you that is going down to the wire like this?
Certainly the margin is closer than expected.
Piers?
With me now, on the left Crossfire's Van Jones, on the right is his co-host, Newt Gingrich.
Let's start with Virginia, Newt Gingrich, pretty close over there likely still you would say that McAuliffe will edge it but what does it say that it's been so close?
Well, I think it's remarkable and you have McAuliffe in some polls, 15 points ahead 10 days ago.
I mean, if you took that out, could Cuccinelli have possibly won this?
Yeah, I think it's very interesting.
Can he convince his own party that he's the man that can actually win a general election?
Oh, yeah, I think he certainly has a real possibility of convincing people.
Piers?
Wolf and John, thank you both very much indeed.
So what does it say?
Well, that's the case.
Piers?
Jake Tapper, fascinating stuff with the man of the moment tonight and let's go right to Wolf Blitzer in Washington.
Wolf you've got an update for us from Virginia?
Look at this and I must say, wow, it's getting really close only 386 votes, Ken Cuccinelli ahead of Terry McAuliffe the Republican had the Democrat by, well it's just changed now it's almost 5,000.
ORGAN: Bill Kristol, let me turn to you, is it a big defeat for the Tea Party what's happened in Virginia even though it's so close or is the reality that if you haven't had this independent candidate getting perhaps of the 7 percent of the vote, then, they could have won and that it would have been a big win?
Ken Cuccinelli run better in Virginia than Mitt Romney.
Well, how are you reading tonight?
I read it as a rejection of the Republican Party.
Candy, how much significance can be really attached to what is going on tonight?
I think the one thing we know now about 2016 is that Chris Christie is a big player.
Wolf do we have a verdict?
I think we have something that Terry McAuliffe supporters are going to be happy to hear.
I take it they're all pretty excited?
That is an understatement.
John how did he do it?
He did it by winning where the people.
What are going to be the key themes going forward?
You know, I just got an e-mail from a Republican running for Federal Office in 2014, you know, the competitive race, and here's what he says.
Stephanie how will the Obama Administration repel this, given that's fairly where the assault will come?
Well look, I think that it's no secret that Republicans oppose ObamaCare but candidates matter here, campaigns matter and Terry ran a great race.
I mean that is undeniably true, wasn't it Frank, isn't it?
Well, McAuliffe's long history in government I'm not sure what he's talking about.
I mean he's right, isn't he?
He is right.
Should we care, Frank Rich?
What can I say...
Are they anywhere near as judgmental as their parents, and grandparents may be are about this kind of thing?
That's a good question.
If that was a one off as he claims, do we really need to get so exercised about it?
ICH: Yeah.
What do you think of it?
I think there's a big difference as you mentioned earlier.
But is he actually sensible, should he take a back step and get some treatment maybe?
I think the problem is that this is what he's saying now, but he's been lying for a long time.
You know there's an allegation that you left this voice mails on Jonathan Martin's voicemail, what do you have to say about those?
No comment right now.
I mean, from looking at what the quarterback said, he said that you'd asked a week ago, Jonathan Martin and Mr. Incognito would have been best pals?
Yes I think that I want to say it's a mountain made out of a mole hill.
Should he just choose another sport and get out of it?
You have to treat it like a workplace.
I mean, eventually, you're new to the sport in some of the Americans love, right?
ENEFFEE: Right, you know, it's not just about the physical party.
If you were in the NFL tomorrow, who do you think you'd rather go to war with in a football sense if you were playing the New York Giants, Richie Incognito, the big beast who destroys all in front of him or Jonathan Martin who runs home to mommy?
You know, I think that's what we're going to find out.
How tall are you Curt?
5'11 and three quarters I'd like to say.
Well you've done a U-turn on nuclear energy so have you (inaudible)?
I have.
So what has reassured you on those two things?
Well cost, you know, if we start building nuclear power plants like we build solar panels and like we build wind turbines and like we have iPhones and everything else.
Well, if I say, Chernobyl or Fukushima or whatever, how do you know that there wasn't going to be more of this if we have allowed more nuclear plants?
Well, look I think again, you're going to look at the context.
I sensed there for a lot of experts, Robert Kennedy, is there an inimitability about this?
Well, those are climate experts they're not people who actually are building power plants and I would say if you talk to people who are building power plants, build particularly solar power plants or wind power plants that they'll tell you a completely different story.
If it's so prevalent and so successful?
The kind of reactors that are advocated for this film by this film are breeder reactors which actually create more plutonium and more weapons grade plutonium.
And I knew then I had a deal because Howard, the Buffett handshake means a lot, right?
Well, what I've learned growing up in our family is that, you know, integrity is everything.
How many men in the world or women, people you do business with, do you trust personally for big a deal on the strength of a handshake, percentage- wise?
We -- Well, I don't -- it's not the higher percentage but of the ones I've made deals with, I've decided that their handshake is good.
Regardless of any bit of paper?
Regardless of any piece of paper.
And do you still prefer to do business with a handshake?
Yeah, I prefer to do business with people I like.
But let me ask you, HWB, what is the single best lesson you have learned from the elder Buffetts in your life, so far would you say?
Well both my grandfather and my father have been the most amazing role models that anyone could imagine.
So we've got plenty of tweets pouring in Jane Fagan Smith (ph) said what's the most important advice you've ever had about investing that you would impart to others?
Well, it's to look at stocks as part of the business rather than little things that bob up and down.
Do you have to personally enjoy the stocks that you buy big in?
Well, I enjoyed them.
So we used a major rock star writers, there was one request, anything Coca-Cola related?
No.
I'm a BlackBerry relic, I still hang on to the BlackBerry, it turns that HWB here has two BlackBerries?
Yes.
How long have you had that one?
Well, I don't throw anything away until I got it 20 or 25 years.
Do you use e-mail?
I do it through my assistant.
Who to?
I sent it to Jeff Wright at Microsoft and it ended up in court in Minneapolis court.
Is that right?
Well, it's not so old.
You're not into flashy things, are you really?
Well, I have everything I want, you know, I'm happy.
... the rent went down?
Yeah, and I started feeding candy and pie and all this ....
So it didn't work?
No, not really.
... so that there was no wavering on your part?
It was a deal.
It seems to me that the two incentives, one worked and one didn't would you regret the weight incentive that you laid down with your son?
I would say it was dumb.
Has he had the same criteria?
You know, I don't think I've ever done that.
All three of your children went to public schools?
That's true.
You don't seem to faze, why?
Well, for one thing, if they combine their credits, we can get one degree and that's...
Was he -- I don't want to use the word mean, but was he a little tight fisted, Howard, from the way you're painting this picture?
No, you painted it that way.
But, you would only hear one side of the call?
Yes, but he can figure out how those go on.
And how much did you pay?
$34 billion.
Do you often make big mistakes?
Sure.
What's been the one you think I should never have done that?
ARREN BUFFETT: Well, I bought a company in the mid 90's called Dexter Shoe and paid $400 million for it.
Would you agree with that, Warren?
Yes.
Tell me why?
Well, she is -- first of all, she did something, you had my dad saying earlier which is, she provided unconditional love to all three of us.
But not you Howard, what did you do?
Well, I had a roll of windows in my room and, you know, I opened the window up, we had this greenhouse so I'd be careful climbing out because I don't want to go through the glass, but I got down and we had our charge account at the local hardware store about five blocks away and I went up there and I convinced the guy to let me charge a hasp lock, I had to buy a screw driver because I didn't have any tools and I get everything I needed and I crawled back up in and I locked her out.
How did you mother react?
I think as it is, she probably got a kick out of it.
How did you change?
I slowly grew up and I wouldn't have otherwise.
Just to override, anything else you would write?
Sure, sure.
I mean tell me about what is like growing up in this kind of family?
Well, to be frank it's been normal in a sense that we grew up in a normal house.
Warren, what other the key values that you would like to see other people recognize in your children, your grandchildren, your family, your extended family?
Well, I want them to be good citizens, good parents that the -- what the world would be better off because they were here.
What is your definition of that?
Well, I'm not sure I can give you a great one.
He says its thread bare and dust and has cobwebs, right Howard?
I'm not sure where the time lock is.
Howard tell me about this book "Forty Chances", why the title?
Well, the "Forty Chances" comes from actually my career farming.
How do you deal with that?
Well, one of the biggest things I've learned is -- I mean there's a lot of great organizations out there.
What do you make of what he's achieved?
Well, he's offered in the premise as my other two children and that it's a (Gage) foundation so that all lives have equal value.
Proud of him?
I'm very proud of him.
Can you do any better on salary?
Unfortunately, that range is at a corporate.
What about mileage when I use my car, I mean gas ain't cheap, you know?
We think the $0.25 a mile is pretty generous.
Warren Buffett negotiating with the gang on NBC's The Office that legendary attention to details, I'm met his family, one of the most influential in the world back now with the three generations of Buffetts, Warren, Howard G, and Howard W. Do you enjoy being an actor there, Warren, well you're quite good?
I wouldn't say that, but nice thing about being mildly famous is that the worst you are the better people like it.
What is do you think most people when they see you in the street recognize you, ask you?
Oh, they come up with, you know, they say, "Are you really?"
If I was to ask you that now, what would the answers be?
Well, let's take a look.
Is this Edward (inaudible) on television before?
I got this wallet for -- here's my.
How long have you had it first?
Probably about 20 years, maybe.
And what do you have in it?
Here's my American express card from 1964.
That's the one you've had the whole time?
Yes, well it goes with my cell phone.
What other cards do you have?
Well, I have a variety of cards, but there's a picture of the family.
And how much cash?
More than usual that ...
Of all the places you've been, of all the issues you've dealt with, what is being the most powerful to you personally?
The resiliency of people.
Seems like (inaudible) on air in CNN in three years there's going to be some crisis involving Washington, debt ceilings, shutdowns, how do we try and bring an end to all this and actually move forward for the benefit of the American economy and the American people?
I think that both parties should declare the debt limit as a political weapon of mass destruction which can't be use.
What is the future for America Incorporated do you think?
Terrific, terrific.
Do you know how much you're worth?
Well you an multiply all the value but it's all going to plan.
Have you ever met Frank Sinatra before he died?
No I never met Frank Sinatra.
You're a fan?
I'm a fan.
ORGAN: And you're a fan of the Ukulele?
Yes and you just (inaudible).
A bit inundated with tweets, many of them say, these Buffett boys are a lot of fun aren't they?
We had a lot of fun.
You don't do this kind of interview very often Warren, how do you enjoy the last hour?
I've enjoyed it a lot.
How would you like to be remembered?
A teacher, teacher, yeah, well actually I'd like to remembered as the oldest man that ever lived, I'm sure that's with the (inaudible).
Which moment would you choose?
The time with my dad, some moment, any moment.
William Shatner how are you?
Electric.
Come on, how old are you?
82.
What is the secret to eternal youth, William Shatner?
Well first of all.
Why have you never become an American citizen?
All those lines I had to learn to, I swear allegiance, then I had to memorize that stuff.
Well what would you make of the whole, never mind all the debt standoff, what do you make of the ObamaCare dispute?
We don't know.
How would Captain James T. Kirk run America right now if he was President?
Fire them all and have a new election.
... it has to be mysterious and weird and strange?
Well it's not weird and strange.
What's the simple answer?
We are composed of all of it and we have to maintain control of those impulses that are negative.
Do you ever get highly emotional?
All the time.
About the album?
Yes.
Do you know where you're going?
No, the best journeys -- are when you don't know where you're going and you make the discovery as you go along from point to point.
When you're making this music?
Well I felt transported by writing the lyrics and then when Billy Sherwood wove the music around my words and then we have these great musicians come in and play (inaudible).
Do you see people walking around?
Yes, there a number of residents that are walking around.
Have you ever seen anything like this?
This -- it does look quite similar to disasters I have seen in the past just the sheer devastation and the debris everywhere.
Paula, any indication -- are you getting any numbers on the death toll?
At this point, we're not getting any numbers at all.
And what are you hearing about the scale of devastation down there and indeed, the other islands you touched on which they may not even have got to, yet?
Yeah, we are actually -- we're flying in to Tacloban about two hours ago.
Do they have any idea yet on the 6th times that this hit the islands, how many of those islands have been affected?
At this point no.
What is the best way to help right now?
It has to be through the international aid agencies.
What was your thought as you were taking it?
Hi, Piers.
What is the impression that you're getting on the ground?
Absolutely correct, Piers.
I mean in terms of the terminology used here, is there much substantial difference between a massive storm surge like this and a tsunami?
Really, just small technicalities.
When did you realize this was a really massive storm?
Well we were already getting ready for the massive storm because we knew it was a very strong super typhoon.
And what was the feeling?
Oh, the wind was -- I can describe this to on like -- it was very scary.
What do you think is the most desperate need right now?
Well, actually, the desperate need of course is food, water, shelter right now because all the homes are destroyed.
Is it really getting worse or is this a predictable weather pattern that recurs from generation to generation?
Well, first of all, this wasn't the biggest.
What is your view?
Well, my view is that of a journalist to introduce a lot of scientist.
Isn't under compensating, under reacting denying climate change in the end more dangerous?
Well, even though I'm a skeptic, I don't know of anyone that denies climate change.
PENCER: Which part is not true, Mark?
You should not do that, sir -- to say that we don't know.
So John the rumor is as going to the Wall Street Journal that just 50,000 people in America had so far enrolled into ObamaCare, if that is true, that is pretty appalling isn't it?
It's a dismal number Piers, the Administration, you know, won't confirm this numbers but they're not disputing them and they are supposed to put out their own numbers later this week and it sounds like they're just going to take that better pill once this week officially on the record if you will when they do that.
If these figures carry on that level, would you be buying any stock in Kathleen Sebelius?
Look, there's no question the President is going to stay with her through this storm.
From what you went through, what is the hardest thing to deal with and how do you deal with it?
Gosh, there are so many different things.
What's my game plan to survive this?
Incredibly, you've carried on being a great mom, working ridiculously hard as I'm sure Amy will too.
You know, continuing, trying to live a normal life, how easy is that to do?
I think that, you know, I called cancer a bit of a blessing, because it puts your life in perspective.
What's the reality like?
You know, I would imagine it's different for different women.
Final question, how are you feeling?
I feel great, my prognosis is excellent and I chanted a bit when they said, "Will you come and join Piers tonight?"
How important is early to detection and immediate action?
You know, prevention does not yet exist.
But do you think it's essential in cases like that?
Absolutely not.
It's obviously not a club Zoraida that anybody wants to be a member of, but how important is it for public figures do you think to be as courageous as you have been and others in that position like Angelina?
Well, it was Angelina Jolie who gave me the courage.
How is she doing and how is she coping having announced to all this to the world with the reality of what her life now is?
You know, I think she said it best in her op-ed, "She feels no less of a women."
So, what time do you getting up tomorrow?
1:30, really soon here.
Can you give us any indication at the moment of the scale of this disaster?
OK.
And obviously there are a number of typhoons every season in the Philippines, is this the worst that you can ever remember?
Yes.
And are you getting the international help that you need and is it coming fast enough?
Oh yes, we have 22 countries that have already pledged financial assistance, medical assistance, rescue and relief volunteers, temporary shelters like tents and so on.
What is the best way that they can get that information?
Well, we're urging them to contact the Google website that has been set up for missing persons, the embassy and the consulate also is providing numbers that they can contact in case they want to get information from us.
How does this compared being on the ground where you are right now in Tacloban to what you've covered before?
You know, it's obviously, a death toll, it's smaller and we don't know an official death toll, numbers vary and nobody really knows if -- there is no actual search for those who have died.
Are you getting a feeling that people are just getting very desperate of bordering on anarchy?
Well, I'm here with Paula Hancocks.
What are you going to say?
Exactly.
So it's actually survive the storm surge, the typhoon, and then to seriously question whether you can survive the airports?
Piers, that's one of the things I don't understand is that I was just -- the make-shift clinic here at the airport and Paula has been there as well.
Anna, what are you seeing down there?
Well, Piers, this is very much the staging ground of the disaster relief operation.
What are the immediate problems now that will be facing rescuers on the ground?
Well, the basics do apply here, Piers, there's no question and all of the things we're hearing from Paula and Anderson and Anna there.
How it will change things for Americans?
Basically the guidelines have been loosened for who can get these statin drugs.
I mean you know, you're trying to make Americans fitter, faster, leaner, eat healthier, exercise and so on and now they can think actually there's a much easier way just pop a few pills?
Yeah.
This is turning into a huge mess, isn't it?
Yeah, I think there's no two ways about that.
If it all worked well it would be a force of good in America?
Well, I think eventually many of the glitches will get fixed and indeed more people will be covered but the problem that that whole Affordable Care Act has is it doesn't incorporate all the innovations.
You're telling me that wasn't any signs going into that?
You know, as the leader, as his best friend on the team, that's what has me miffed, how I miss this and I never saw it.
Were you getting a sense of bullying or are you getting a sense of pretty regular dressing room banter?
Well, you have a public access cable TV show, I could tell you fully but I can't on your show.
Is it really that surprising that they whip themselves up in this way and have such extremely competitive banter if you like?
I think the great thing about being in sports is that you don't have to grow up.
His head just went, where do we go?
I think (inaudible) because I don't want to bang into the metal thing.
You were laughing there watching yourself passing out?
ANGE: Yeah, well, it's brilliant comic at work, Piers.
How many people did know the real depths of what you're going through?
Well, I mean, you know, the times you were there I might have been going through hell because I was on for eight and half years.
What was going through your mind that day?
Well, I mean, listen, I was not of a straight mind.
... did you feel a terrible sense of guilt about what you've put her through?
I still do.
Well, how right were you Artie Lange?
My fingers on the pulse of pop culture.
What is extraordinary is you can't even remember appearing that time right?
That is -- listen Conan's been so good to me over the years, man.
Where you had this huge audience that was your family and explained as you are to me now?
Oh God, yes.
You're still friends?
I think I would call us friends -- friendly.
Francis Bacon's painting of his fellow artist Lucian Freud $142 million, are we on the wrong game?
Well, listen I know a lot crooked Jersey contractors into painting your house, that's about the price.
I mean it would take them about two minutes right?
We like to sing in church, we like to sing, "Take Me Out to the Ball Game" together.
Who else have you got, big name?
Oh just amazing people in media and...
What makes the Gettysburg Address in your opinion, the greatest American Speech?
It's pure Presidential poetry but the biggest thing is that it's doubling down on our original promise, made by Thomas Jefferson.
If you could put one back in power now you'd put them back in power?
Well, you know, when you have discussions about Baseball or Rock Music you will have to say besides Bay Ruth and the Beatles, here you have to say besides Washington.
What about JFK?
I think JFK is an unfinished story.
Does it weigh heavily on your shoulders that you were a personal witness to these three extraordinary things?
Well I don't considered it dead because I've been doing this for 67 years and I covered a lot of big stories and it's just what I do.
When you head the shots go out what was your first reaction?
You know, I don't know how fast I reacted because it was such an instantaneous bedlam (ph) there.
Now there were three shots that you heard, you began to speak to witnesses, you grabbed to sort of make shift pencil and paper from a little boy I think that you saw right?
Yeah.
But you saw him actually apprehended?
Yes I did.
So, you witnessed the arrest of Lee Harvey Oswald and then you say Jack Ruby shoot him dead?
Well that was a couple days later and I had known that there had been all kinds of threats to the police department that they were going to take this communist SOB they said, and I just thought they'd move him during the night.
What is your view?
YNESWORTH: Well you know, I understand them, I don't agree with them at all.
We're you very quickly aware that he was unlikely to survive?
As soon as I walked in to trauma room one and saw him -- Mrs. Kennedy was on the left inside of the room.
Did you say anything to them?
EAD: Well, I talked to her.
The moment when he was pronounced dead, I mean that's a chilling moment, isn't it for you?
Well yes.
Were you -- how would you describe your state?
I think we kicked in to a routine management of a coma patient.
Is there a single day that goes by in your life when you don't think of this?
There are aren't many that go by because something reminds you one way or the other.
It never stop, right?
But I don't it will ever stop.
Kerry let me start with you, you were just four years old and I know you don't really have any memory of that awful day but in terms of the legacy of JFK, what would you think it should be as a member of the family?
Well you know I think that he was a man who really loved our country and tried to make our policy both domestically and internationally reflective of our greatest values of Democracy of caring about people who live in poverty of making sure that everyone in our country actually had a vote and was able to go to the polls and vote.
Amazing, Kerry we got this, this fabulous pictures an iconic image is you playing hide and seek inside the Oval Office with President Kennedy there, with Caroline I think it was wasn't it?
Yeah, that's the two of us.
When you see that picture what do you think?
Well it just brings back so much joy of my youngest years.
Is there a plan for the family to get together?
Well you know, our family really tries to celebrate his birthday and not his day of death.
Is there anybody in the family as you look at it do you think could genuinely have the political drive and aspiration to perhaps one day run for President?
Well I don't know what the future is.
How do you see a breakthrough?
I think that, you know, first of all let me just say that you have been so fantastic on this issue and really no one has been a greater advocate for than you have so I want to thank you.
In terms of what Robert Kennedy said there, that actually the real legacy of John F. Kennedy may well be that he was a man of peace during a time of great conflict, is that a fair analysis?
He was a man of peace but he was a cold war hawk.
Was he a villain or potentially trying to be the hero of this particular war by stopping it before it really happened?
Well Piers we'll never know exactly what he would have done, he didn't know himself but it's clear to me from having read a mass of document that he had no desire to put massive numbers of ground troops into Vietnam.
Do you subscribe to any of the conspiracy theories?
ASSASSINATION OF JOHN F. KENNEDY: No I don't Piers.
Yeah Doug Brinkley, do you concur?
Yeah I largely concur, I think the Warren Commission got an awful lot right.
Where do you lie?
Well I think he was, he was not a great President, he was there for only a thousand days, six briefest presidency on the country's history, well I think he's certainly a significant president.
He can affect people so much around the world?
Yes, yes exactly Piers.
Would he had survived being the kind of president a man that he was in the modern media environment?
It would have been quite difficult but Kennedy has the advantage in history, we're all getting older, all of your viewers but John F. Kennedy is always the handsome statesman, president gunned down in his prime.
We've got 10 days or so to the Anniversary itself but how should he be remembered?
Well, he should be remembered as a significant, important president.
Did he mislead or was it just a blatant lie?
I've had big arguments on that and friends of Obama said they're not lying.
But that wasn't lie, isn't it?
In my book--
How damaging is all these to him, personally in terms of his credibility?
Yeah, let me say a couple of things.
And she is the obvious head?
Well, I believe in due course the head will roll.
Do you think the fundamentally ObamaCare is a good idea, now a problem has been the implementation or you think the whole thing is basically flawed?
This is doable idea.
How bad is that?
I must say I was speechless at that one.
Can Presidents comeback in the second term when the clock is ticking from such a major fiasco?
ERGEN: Yes, but, let me just say, I think that whether this program is going to work or not is highly problematic right now.
What will?
Well, that should worry you.
And how successfully can the President extricate himself from this mess?
"THE STORY": Well, I think it's very damaging.
That's got to be pretty bad, isn't it?
Well, you're right.
How does that impact on Hillary Clinton if at all?
ARANISS: Well, first of all, you're assuming that Hillary Clinton will run and she'll be the candidate, and at this point, before 2008, nobody even knew about Barack Obama.
Do you feel any sense of disappointment in the way this has gone?
Well, I think he said that he made a mistake.
What's wrong with the country?
But Robert Redford, was interesting about is, he came out and said that Obama's paralyzing the system, behaving stupidly.
Do you?
Yeah, I do.
And then more so, wasn't it?
EINSTEIN: I guess there was but it was much more focused in getting Ridge (ph) good laugh and, you know, Clinton could laugh back and, you know, they joke back and forth.
At the White House last week?
At the White House.
Do you think that if, it was George W. Bush who made the mistake, you know, that Obama would be beating on him everyday?
Yes.
When enemies are vulnerable, you whack him, don't you?
I think, you know, you mean running for an election, you whack him.
What was a mood like in the White House when you were there?
I think, you know, they were excited.
Can you enjoy the work of someone like Chris Christie even though he's on the other side?
I love him, you know, and I think the guy is fantastic and, you know, I had a conversation with him and he said, "Wait till I win, you know, my gubernatorial race."
Will you stumping to Hillary if she runs?
Anything that Mrs. Clinton asks me to do, you know, I will do because I think she represents the best path for 2016.
What was it like to be behind the scenes with all this legends?
Well, one thing it was great for us to see was what it really looked like is Harvey and I were running around doing 50 other things and the cameras were capturing everything else.
But in terms of money Harvey, huge amounts have been raised, more will be raised obviously from the movie as well, how is it best being used to the moment?
Robinhood eats all the overhead unlike some of the charities that we all give money to, where you find out that the charity director made a million dollars and his cousin got $400,000 and they paid for the dry cleaning, all the money.
How many have you won now?
Maybe 192 Oscars.
Tell me about this movie?
Well, you know, at the Weinstein Company we give breaks to young, you know, talent and we decided to let Meryl Streep and Julia Roberts do this movie, you know, that Streep girl, you know, I think she's got a future and Roberts too by the way.
It's a family drama?
It's a family drama about the - this movie is a comedy believe it or not.
Wow, how are you?
It's good to see you old chap.
What the hell are you wearing?
These are Christian Louboutin baby.
Now you're launching the HALO Awards?
Yes.
Is that supposed to be some sort of joke?
No, no honestly.
You a HALO?
Come on man it stands for helping and leading others, it's a true positive thing that we do each and every year and this is the fifth year that we're doing it with Teen Nick and Nickelodeon.
Right, this is the real people, young people who have done something inspiring right?
Yes and we take celebrities and corporations and we shine that spotlight on, you know, teenagers and their community that are making the world a better place and we connect them all together.
Because I'm not happy with it right?
OK.
In my country in Britain we have free healthcare right?
Yes it works.
Was there ever a transitional period?
Obviously it was brought in the National Health Center.
At the moment, what would you say to him to try and galvanize things again for the last part of his tenure?
I'll say hey, haters are helping we don't argue with the help.
How do you feel as such a hard working American when that happens?
I mean, that was unfortunate to me, I mean I felt like.
Don't you feel sickened?
Absolutely and especially when something could come to a stalemate like that I personally was disappointed in our system but that's not the first time I've been disappointed in our system.
How do you feel about being known, particularly by me as Mr. Mariah Carey?
I could be called a lot worse things than that.
You're waiting for your opportunity?
Yes like a vulture.
What's the secret to a successful very high profile marriage?
Not to take yourself too seriously and to actually enjoy each other, as much as you possibly can.
Had you ever been like properly in love before you met Mariah?
I'm a hopeless romantic so I always thought I was in love until I found the real thing.
If I said you could only be one thing for the rest of your life right?
Yes.
You can do TV like America's Got Talent or you can do Stand Up Comedy, which one would you do for the rest of your life?
For the rest of my life, Stand Up Comedy.
That's the real soul of Nick Cannon?
Absolutely that's where I started, hopefully that's where I'll finish and that's -- if you see, like obviously you showed a very clean clip of the special but to get on a stage.
Why is it called (inaudible) Nick Cannon?
Because that's where everyone, like...
Everyone says to you when they see?
It's unapologetic.
Which side are you leaning towards?
I think a little bit of both.
You think he lied?
I don't think he was telling the truth.
It's the same thing isn't it?
Yeah, I mean that's harsh for me to say that because -- but it's you know, it's -- and I think that's where his real problem is going to be.
What is your take on what has gone down today with him and his girlfriend?
Well first of all, let's look at the context.
Why is that I feel myself warming to him?
Because you can imagine sitting down and having a beer with him and he's not going to judge you, and he loves football.
But if that was a criteria for being a politician, I mean almost all of them would have to give up their jobs, wouldn't they?
Well, I don't think personal feeling for most politicians is smoking crack.
You ever got drunk before, Bill?
Of course.
What changed your mind?
Well, I was part of the agenda.
Can he stumble on as a figure head or is this the beginning of the end do you feel?
Well, he retains some statutory powers that are conferred to him by the province.
Do you feel now vindicated by events, so in a sense it's probably much more plausible what you claim for given his way he's been admitting stuff?
Vindicated is such an empty feeling.
Is he hurting Toronto?
I think he is.
If that guy is the mayor, what's the rest of them like?
Well, the businesses aren't saying it's not.
Is he damaging Toronto?
I think it is.
Was he just being rambunctious Rob Ford or was he being a very unpleasant harasser in your view?
He was completely stoned.
Did he see toes?
No comment.
What do you say to that charge?
I think it's all about Toronto and I think we have to start thinking about Toronto.
A lot of other people are thinking, "Wow, this is all quite fun," isn't it?
I don't think a lot of the media is saying he's damaging Toronto.
Has he been a quite effective mayor as he claims?
I think he's exceptionally good at setting a conservative tone.
So, do you think -- but Sarah he's been achieving that and keeping a good, tight fist on the expenditure, who cares if he gets drunk occasionally?
He's been claiming that he saved a billion dollars, city government costs of rate has gone up $200 million.
Is he that naughty?
He's quite naughty.
He can survive this?
Yeah, he'll cling.
How are you?
Terrific.
How brutal is a Presidential campaign?
It's brutal.
And what was the worst moment?
The best moment is seeing the people.
Outside of the moment you lost obviously, what was the lowest moment of the whole thing?
Well, you know, the election night I have to say it was pretty darn low.
Did you go into that night and genuinely thinking you could still pull it off?
I was getting nervous on election day.
And in particular the President's position that he's found himself in?
Well, you know, he's put himself in a very sticky place because you either have to think that he was not telling the truth or he's grossly incompetent.
Which side are you leaning towards?
I think a little bit of both.
You think he lied?
I don't think he was telling the truth.
It's the same thing, isn't it?
Yeah.
What's it called?
A fluffernutter.
Is he is the type of candidate?
If he absolutely.
You wouldn't be having many of these if runs, will he?
I hope not.
The -- what are they called again?
Fluffernutters.
ORGAN: This has your -- one of your grandchildren?
No.
Oh, you're son?
That's me and ...
Well, you know, wouldn't it be nice if we could always stay as young as, you know, we were in our 20s?
There's also lovely pictures in here of you, your kids, your grandkids, and so on.
Would you like to see a woman president regardless of which party?
You know, I'd love to see a lot of more women involved in politics.
Have you ever attempted to run?
Never.
For any high office?
Never.
ORGAN: Really?
Never.
It's a recipe from your Welsh grandmother, Annie Evans?
My Welsh -- Annie Evans.
Now, you have a new addition to the family, Kieran James Romney?
Kieran Matthew.
And he's -- how old is he?
He is about 6 months old now because we didn't legally adopt him.
Anything?
You know, I'd advised him that this is not a good time in their lives that they need to ...
You can do it?
... some of these even I could do, yeah.
What happened to Refalca?
Refalca did well.
Where is Refalca?
She's -- I'm riding on her occasionally myself now but, you know, horses has been part of my therapy for me to getting stronger.
In other words you can never do a good deal with a bad guy, and that with many people, a handshake is good enough for him?
Warren Buffett really is, the one on one business and just a stakeholder to the point that not make things too difficult very -- very -- very straightforward and -- that's why I like him, and I just click very well with him.
Do you still feel confident in the way the American economy is going or do you share concerns that many people have that it's--it could potentially if they're not careful rebound back into some kind of recession?
I have a lot of respect and have a lot of confidence for the US economy, no doubt about that.
Why did you like Twitter so much?
Yeah.
And what does he mean by that?
I think he means, you know, you're quite often get seen with very large palaces and yachts and all that kinds of things.
One of the great players in the Middle East, what do you make of what's going on here, with this tension now between -- clear tension between Netanyahu and what he believes is going on with Iran and the America and everybody else?
Yeah, as Mr. Netanyahu said that you really find the majority of the Arab World in complete sync and alliance with the concepts of Israel.
Do you trust Assad when he says he'll give up his chemical weapons?
IN TALAL: It's not that it's trust.
Giving people back in Saudi Arabia fully understand the dangers of what is going on here?
That's a very good question.
What is your reaction?
Yeah, absolutely.
We don't really know I guess at the moment exactly what has happened here, do we?
Not at all.
Your girlfriend?
Yes.
Where is she now?
Outside with the police.
What happened?
I just want everyone to know the truth.
What can we deduce from this case, you think?
Well, we know that, Piers, this past Monday, he was brought to an emergency room in order to be evaluated.
That is a shocking breakdown in the system, isn't it?
It is a shocking breakdown in the system and from the research I've done, Virginia has had the highest suicide rate in the past 13 years.
Why is that in fact in many states being reduced?
Well a part of it is because a lot people see mental health care as being some sort of a luxury.
Does it not make it difficult if the word that is apparently so offensive is in common parlance amongst the group who say they find it offensive?
I think it's ...
Is he wise to continue using these deeply offensive words even in those communities?
I think that there is something when you said for reclaiming language.
If you call me a queer?
Yeah.
But you would continue to use that word about yourself?
That defined myself because of the history, because of what I've been through, because of what queer brothers and sisters been through.
Do you agree with that Don?
Nothing offense me.
You didn't know presumably the sexuality of this guy or was he just being angry and defensive thinking of the first that came into his head which is what I suspect was the case?
Right.
But is it homophobic or he just use homophobic?
It is biased.
Is it right that he becomes the standard bearer of homophobic bigotry?
I don't know if the gay community has reasoned up against Alec Baldwin.
I don't think I'm even remotely offended but, you know, should I be?
No.
In terms of you're own bipolar condition, when did you first realize that's what it was?
When I was about 14.
But was that exacerbated, do you think, by the drug taken?
No.
Did it help you become a great actor?
Probably and I had lived from thrill to thrill and I had a certainty about my success which I can look back now and say, "That was probably part of my manic."
Are you married?
I am divorced.
Would you like to talk about that?
There are two types of people in this world, those who like Neil Diamond and those who don't.
You think you can play a psychiatrist in real life?
Absolutely, I can play anyone with a college education even though I didn't have one.
You can study over people do you?
Yes.
Take us to significant issues at the moment, one ObamaCare, obviously been a hell of a mess the rollout, what do you make of that and you think they'll fix it?
Well, I think for about 100 years one of the political parties has always tried to get a safety net under people and the other party hasn't, and now we have which is an enormous accomplishment and it started with glitches and problems, but I love to remind people that all of our national endeavor started out badly.
ORGAN: And in terms of the other issue which is the power of the NRA over the gun debate the apparent entrance (ph) of Washington to do anything about that, what is the root through that?
Well, first of all I don't think the NRA is a villain, and I don't think that the people against the NRA are villains, I believe that's a problem of the press which started with an us-them problem.
When you yourself see that famous footage, that infamous footage, what goes through your mind even now, 50 years later?
Well, about the only thing I can think of is a I was hoping to save my prisoner and I didn't do it.
In that moment, what was going through your mind as he burst through that group of people and came at you?
Well, you don't have time to think about anything like that.
How did he come over to you?
When I began talking with him, of course, I didn't -- I was talking to him about the murder of officer J.D. Tippit and that time I didn't have clue that he was going to be a suspect in the presidential shooting.
What do you think about all the conspiracy theories given all the research that you've now done into this?
I agree with my grandpa and the detective in my show.
In what stage before he was shot, did you know that?
Capturing (inaudible), I just came back from the school book depository wherein they had found the riffle and they meet the hole around in the window and so forth.
ORGAN: How do you feel about the punishment in terms of the fact the whole town now will have to football, do you think it is an appropriate measure to have been taken?
I think it is inappropriate measure, I feel horrible for, you know, kids that are not involved, what I mean -- we are a small town, I mean things like shouldn't happen in a small community like ours.
What kind of thing has been going on?
He's cleats were taken out of his locker, water were put on them and they were put in the trash.
And Anthony Phillips, has he been subjected to other racist abuse?
What's that, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, yes, I was just asking you, if he been subjected to other racist abuse, other than the graffiti?
No, no this was the first incident that ever that word has been used towards my son.
I made the point that, you know, if you're going to have rap stars and other leading figures in the black community using that word in songs and everything else, what kind of message does that send to the youth of America?
Well, I mean, what people fail to say to each other, I mean I guess that's, you know, that's your right.
And Andrea, do you think that Isaac knows who sprayed this graffiti?
No, he does not.
What is your opinion?
I don't think it's labeling them as quitters at all by doing that.
Does he just want it get it sorted as quickly as possible?
Well, yes, you know, that, you know, he would be -- I mean that he would love to be playing.
Why was A-Rod so uptight about everything?
Uptight is not the word.
Does he like you?
He hates my guts.
Why there's so many think that he's just another Lance Armstrong in the making?
Well, honestly, I have no idea.
Are you simply enraged by what you view as (inaudible)?
There's not a human being with a brain that has a motivation to go against Alex that thinks everyone else gets 50 and Alex gets 211 and that's normal.
When was the last time took, you know?
As a matter of fact -- well, Alex has admitted that.
Alex Rodriguez says and you believe him that he's not taking performance-enhancing drugs for at least a decade?
I absolutely believe him, because I've seen the evidence and it would defy science.
What is your reaction to this latest incident involving your friend George Zimmerman, given it's now the fourth time I think that he's been involved in such a clash with the police?
Well, Piers in my honest opinion and I'm not medical doctor, but I believed that George is suffering from untreated post traumatic stress disorder.
What?
... always been around ...
And someone knows slogan?
You know, you know, what ...
You want to hear the facts?
I'm just asking you this.
Is it say right to bear arm in it?
How many -- My point was you said as his friend, he's suffering from a mental illness, post traumatic stress disorder.
He's on his way out to target and next thing you know, he's living his life on the run and he's got quite a few people after him, OK, because they believe that he murdered as you call it unarmed teenager, OK?
He killed unarmed teenager.
Are you aware of that?
Well, I'm increasingly aware that there must be a correlation between his mental condition and his propensity to threaten women with guns, yes, because that seems to be a pattern with every woman that he comes across.
I mean, what do you make of that?
Absolutely appalled, but Piers, I think there were some hints of what his possible defense maybe if as his prosecution proceeds involving the alleged victim Samantha, his girlfriend.
What about his wife?
... that would help the defense ...
Are they all opportunists?
Well -- but I mean according to his friend that appears to be the point of view that is at least his friend has.
Does that worry you?
That doesn't worry me.
Are we now in a position where the Republicans would love Kathleen Sebelius to keep her job for as a long as humanly possible?
Well, obviously many of us like myself warned about the problems we're seeing with ObamaCare and not just with the rollout but with the program itself.
If somebody like you electable to the Republican Party as their nominee?
Oh, I think any of the 30 Republican Governors are and I think they prove it in the states.
What was your mind telling you?
Yeah.
At what point did you realized what have actually happened and how did your parents deal with protecting you as the fact, you're so young?
Yeah.
Is there a day, Jeff Franzen, when you don't think about that day back in Dallas in '63?
Yes.
What was your conclusion?
Would've been very different, principally because I think based on the evidence, not wishful thinking, not some gassy (ph) hope that he probably would not have gone into Vietnam.
How would he have dealt with that as a serving president?
This was the darker side.
Would you've been like Johnson, very proactive, or would've been a bit wary, do you think?
I think it would be less (inaudible).
Would he have become a truly great president, do you think?
It's very hard to cut through what the death meant and how that put him in a different category, I think he would have been seen by historians as a reasonably successfully president and avoiding World War III gets -- that's a lot of points for me.
Tell me how you're feeling today on this 50th anniversary?
Well it's been rather emotional.
When you stood at Dealey Plaza, did your mind go back very vividly to what happened 50 years ago?
Oh, yes.
Did you realize immediately that the first shot that impacted on the President was a bullet?
No.
Was she reaching back you because you were, I know her personal bodyguard, or was it as I have read elsewhere that she literally can see parts of her husband's head on the back of the limousine?
No.
By this point, did you know for certain that the President was almost definitely dead?
I was quite sure he was dead because he had fallen into his left and his head was in Mrs. Kennedy's lap.
Is that correct?
That is true.
What was -- What was it like to be in that limousine for those eight minutes?
Well, when the President was shot that -- shot and hit him in the head.
What did he say to you?
Well I've been asked to open the line to the White House and to explain what was going on.
Once it was known that the President was dead, how was she in that moment and did she talk to you about it given that you were her bodyguard at that time?
She didn't talk to anyone really about it.
Is there any real substance to why you should feel any guilt or did you feel when you went back and retraced all the movements that day from Lee Harvey Oswald to the secret service and so on that really in the end, he held all the cards and there was nothing you could do?
Well, that's exactly it.
This I think was one of Mrs. Kennedy's first public outing since the death of her son, is that right?
That's true.
Why did she do that and what did she then do?
Well, she asked that she -- indicated she and her brother- in-law Robert Kennedy wanted to view the President's body.
What would you feel about the future of America and this family that you've become so close to?
Well, that's one of the photographs that really reminds me how sad the occasion was.
Did you ever talked to her again about the assassination or was it something you just didn't discuss?
That was a subject that either she or I discussed with each other.
But you're coming in from such a unique perspective, did any of them have any possible credence to you if you ever had a scintilla of doubt that it was just Lee Harvey Oswald acting a lot?
None of them had given me any indication that they are anything but theory.
What is your favorite moment when you look back?
Well, the favorite moments are those when the four of them were together, the President, Mrs. Kennedy, and her their two children whether they were out on a boat up in Hines, Florida or down in Palm Beach and with the president and Caroline, John, and Mrs. Kennedy swimming off the boat, or out in Middleburg, Virginia where they had a country place and to Mrs. Kennedy and Caroline, and John will be riding horses and enjoying themselves and the President watching them and enjoying what they were doing.
We're you very quickly aware that he was unlikely to survive?
As soon as I walked in to trauma room one and saw him -- Mrs. Kennedy was on the left inside of the room.
What was it like in real time?
Well, I run into the end of the -- I found the open door at the end of the hospital, remarkable, you know, no one there, no security.
Did you say anything to them?
Well, I talked to her.
The moment when he was pronounced dead, I mean that's a chilling moment, isn't it, for you?
Well, yes.
Did you manage to stay calm or you -- how would you describe your state?
I think we kicked in to a routine management of a coma patient.
Is there a single day that goes by in your life when you don't think of this?
There are many that go by because something reminds you of it one way or the other.
But do you subscribe to any conspiracy theory or do you think that Oswald acted alone?
I don't believe there's anything that we haven't heard already.
Kerry, we got this fabulous pictures, an iconic image is you playing hide and seek inside the Oval Office with President Kennedy there, and with Caroline, I think it was, isn't it?
Yes, that's the two of us.
When you see that picture, what do you think?
Well, it just brings back so much joy of my youngest years.
Is there a plan for a family get together?
Well, you know, our family really tries to celebrate his birthday and not his day of death.
Is there anybody in the family as you look at it do you think could genuinely have the political drive and aspiration to perhaps one day run for president?
Well, I don't know what the future is.
911 OPERATOR: What's the problem?
Two people aren't breathing.
911OPERATOR: A sweat lodge?
It was James Ray's version of a Native American sweat lodge ceremony where temperature's reportedly reached 120 degrees killing three of his followers and sending 19 to the hospital.
How are you in yourself and what do you feel about it all now that you served your punishment?
Well, I'm doing pretty well, Piers.
What was going through your head when you heard guilty negligent homicide?
Well, if I can back up a little bit.
And what was the reality, how was she when you were in prison?
You know, it's interesting, Piers, that the first month that I was in and that was the better part of the first month.
When you look back on it, what is the single biggest regret about any aspect of the preparation, the planning, any of the things that led to these people dying?
You know, hindsight is 20/20 and there's a lot of things that I wish were different.
How does that happen in such an environment?
I don't know.
They sweat, right?
Correct.
So what kind of barriers or controls that you have in practice given that it was clearly, potentially dangerous?
Well, obviously not good enough, you know.
Was there a heat limit that you used to have for the sweat lodge?
Well, you really don't know how hot.
Why was there no regulation?
There's no regulation for a lodge.
Again, why didn't you do that?
Well, I didn't know nor did anyone know that anyone was in a death -- in a life or death situation.
You?
Well I was in the lodge running the lodge which the prayers and the affirmations and all those types of things.
And if is so why?
I don't recall that at all, Piers.
Did you recall anybody saying to you, "I've got to be out of here"?
I do and I recall people leaving.
Were they panicky?
AMES RAY: Some people wanted to quickly exit and one of the things I told them in the set up was to go our clockwise carefully because obviously there's a pit of hot rocks in the center.
What was the system in place for that kind of eventuality?
There were people positioned within the lodged that were supposed to take care of the participants.
911 OPERATOR: What's the problem?
Two people aren't breathing.
911 OPERATOR: A sweat lodge?
He made one comment and they did say, "She's passed out, she's passed out, I don't know if she's breathing", and he said "The door has now closed and this round has begun, we'll deal with that at the end of this round."
What do say to that?
I understand.
Did you make yourself subliminally cut corners?
I don't know, Piers.
When you were told that people have died, three people have died, what was your immediate reaction?
Shocked, denial, disbelief I couldn't comprehend it, anguish.
Do you fell guilty for what happened?
It was my event.
That there was an allegation that you left the scene pretty quickly, and just disappeared, is that true, and if so why did you leave so fast?
You know, Piers I wish I could say that I was enlightened enough to not have any impulse for self-preservation, I'm not.
Did you look back at yourself with a certain degree of disgust perhaps at your actions and recognize that there was a character trait in you that you had to change?
There was definitely character traits in me that hadn't changed and there's still are.
And when you find yourself on those first few weeks as you've said on with death row inmates is about as low as your life could possibly have gotten coming from down this huge high, what the hell were you thinking as you've said in yourself?
I had to play mental games with myself because I had to wear shackles to the shower.
Humiliating?
Well, humbling.
What would you say to them?
First of all again, I'd say I'm sorry.
... stuff, you thought about that?
I don't know.
Did you lose everything financially?
Everything.
ORGAN: How much did you have before all this?
Millions.
10, 20 million?
You know it's a lot of my money was tied up in my business and in hard assets.
But do you think looking back it was an appropriate punishment given that three people had paid money to be in your tutelage lost their lives?
I have no complaints.
And this lady that you came with tonight?
She's in that category, you know.
I mean, now to see you were talking very emotionally about her at the start of the interview, when you came out what did she say to you?
AY: My mom is my greatest supporter.
Samantha, first thing's first, do you ever have doubts about dating the George Zimmerman?
Yeah, of course Piers.
Let me start with you, if I can, George Howell, what is the situation in Buffalo?
Piers, so we are just now starting to see the beginning.
Are the -- Is the airport operating properly?
Well, Piers, just a short while ago, I actually got off the phone with an official with the Pittsburgh International Airport and they said to me that today and right now, actually, all operations are normal that this is essentially, this rain fall that's happening, this is standard operating procedure.
Piers?
Shannon, thank you very much indeed.
What's the latest?
Well this definitely the busiest time at the world's busiest airport.
Is that an accurate assessment?
Yeah.
When is it going to be move pretty well back to normal weather wise?
YERS: You know if we get through the Macy's Day parade with the balloons up we're just talking about that in the last hour 34 miles per hour and the Macy's Day parade will be to cut off the balloons, the big floats, the big snoopies can't fly around.
So, it's just really about tomorrow isn't it?
Yup.
Gary, how are you?
Good to see you again, man.
How are you?
Good to see you.
So how do we all basically save money while spending a fortune on Black Friday?
You know, if we start following these retail brands on Facebook, Twitter I think the one place to really start paying attention to is Pinterest and Instagram are emerging as well.
ORGAN: Is this now that the biggest social media meets commercial shopping day that America has?
Yes.
What do you make of that?
This is brilliance.
How many followers have you got now?
Over a million now.
What is the key message that you want people to take away from this?
The key message is whether it's this show or Walmart or Gap or anybody in the world that has something to convert that if you don't give, give, give, you can't go in for the ask.
What did you make in the whole ObamaCare Fiasco in particularly the technological failings that led to the rollout's biggest disaster, I mean, did they just get it completely wrong and who they source this too and how they did it?
I'm not knowledgeable enough to talk about the actual ObamaCare but from a tax standpoint, this is classic big government, same way I look at big corporate America, spent a lot of money and lack of execution, there's a bunch of entrepreneurs in Austin, Texas or in Columbus, Ohio or at San Francisco, (inaudible) New York, a small group of entrepreneurs that could have executed that technology for one 100 in the price.
Is he right Gary?
Yes, and he's partner in crime who's really leading that charge Joe Green, that whole movement is 100 percent right.
But can Hollywood just shut its eyes and ignore its own culpability or responsibility?
Well, I think Obama coming and speaking is a good thing.
Did you have that kind of internal editorial debate about ever using weapons in luxury that kind of thing there?
I think there's always a debate about what goes into the issue and how far are you push and getting behind that decision of why you would print a certain image or not or holding back.
That young kids in America are being pumped with more gun violence imagery than fully pledged adults?
Well, I think it's -- I mean you look at "Grand Theft Auto", it made 800 million the first day it was released.
Was Hollywood pleased to see President Obama or has the -- has the warmth and joy is original ascension to great power abated over the years?
Well, judging -- I don't know if you were out about L.A. today but judging by the traffic, I think Hollywood ...
Do you think that his bubbles actually burst with Tinsel Town in terms of their unequivocal support he had at the start?
Ultimately, no.
You think when push comes to shove?
MITH: When push comes to shove, they have no trouble getting people to pay for those very expensive dinners and getting people to attend various events all over Los Angeles from different communities, I would say no.
What do you do to try and deal with that tiny percentage who are unstable and blur those lines?
Look I think you raise some very interesting points and questions in the last segment.
How do you deal with changing people's minds?
Well, again I think that one has to recognize how badly do we want to solve this problem.
What do you say to other parents out there who might have concerns about their son, what should they do?
Well, I happen to be very sympathetic to Mrs. Lanza because I know what it's like to deal with people who have developmental disabilities, who are periodically violent, who cannot be committed (ph) and what happens in some homes with parents who are struggling with children who had behavioral disorders even if they can get somebody or a doctor a young male is in denial of illness refuses to take medicine and there's enough of this climate of fear within the home that the illness ends up controlling the home.
OK, Michael?
I think we can get to the bottom of this with further scrutiny.
Is it with the AHA or is it with the studios or a bit of both?
It's a bit of both.
What kind of reaction have you had from the Hollywood industry?
I think people are fairly shocked that this is going on that this monitor service is not what it claims to be.
You know, I think it damages him certainly in a short run, I think the question is, you know, obviously he has this political aspirations, what will that do for those or down the line?
I mean, you made an interesting point and I thought which is that Martin Bashir who's a fellow Brit who's on air at MSNBC, he got into hot water of a comment he made attacking Sarah Palin over her analogy of slavery to modern day issues.
Can you draw that distinction?
You know, I think that's an interesting point.
Would you ever -- When you grew up from the streets, would you ever done something like that?
Oh, yeah.
How are you?
I'm awesome, I feel great.
Have they been?
Yeah, people have been loosing their lives now from this, where these kids around America.
What do you make of it?
I don't make anything of it.
Have you ever, when you grew up on the streets of Brooklyn, would you ever have done something like that?
Oh yeah, you know, if I was on a robbing spree as I'm robbing somebody when I was a young kid I've done something like that but this is just for fun.
Why do people do it you think?
I have no idea.
What do you think the real cares and fears of the average American on the street are right now?
Healthcare, these people haven't been to the doctor in 20 years.
This thing really, it just really went horrible, isn't it?
Yeah.
I mean the idea behind it, would you be supportive of the idea of bringing millions of Americans into healthcare, who wouldn't otherwise be able to afford it?
If they can get the healthcare, but as of now it doesn't seem they can get it.
Does it reduce his standing as a President?
Well, maybe as a President, I don't know what it takes to become a President.
Do you think that's a fair criticism from what you hear on the streets?
Well listen, we got to stop being involved with the knockout game.
Could be anywhere, right?
YSON: It could be in Los Angeles.
What do you do about it?
Listen, it was meant that way, that's why the jails are full of us.
Just more and more guns?
White will have guns too.
What is your view about that debate?
Hey, people go can do what they want to do in life and have nothing to do about what our community do.
What is it like being Mike Tyson?
Oh wow, now it's pretty interesting.
Your state of mind?
I'm just -- I'm very I don't want to say I'm a complete person by any means.
How hard is it to keep that away?
Well, like that as was explained earlier it's a struggle.
Who do you feel like giving the most thanks to in your life?
YSON: Hey.
When you finished it, you read the final version what did you think?
I said this is a well done book.
How hard is it being for you to be that open?
Well, it haven't been difficult.
That's not a subject of humor really is it?
No it's not but the fact is that who is my father is -- whose been in my life for that period in time that I know was, you know Curly Kirkpatrick and that's why I always consider my father.
They told that you've been doing, How important has it been for you to have that audience's reaction again to work out hear people cheering for you?
You know, this is where it's very tricky in this particular situation.
It's that the same feeling?
There was a time when you were the most infamous fighter on the planet, the most dangerous guy out there and you played up to that, baddest man on the planet and so on.
And if I can say to you now, look you can have money and success but you won't be recognized, would you take that option or is there a part of it that you like?
Money doesn't mean anything to me, I don't know that's just who I am.
How many people do you trust completely?
Hey, I'm just, anything I trust complicity is with my wife.
You've been married only five years?
Yeah.
Are you proud of that?
I'm extremely proud of that.
Do you feel lucky that she came into your life?
Hey, I'm more than lucky, I'm just very grateful as well, you know, and it's just -- it was something I never dreamed that I'd be capable of doing.
Are you difficult to be around?
Hey, I'm -- I can't live with myself so how do you think is going to be easy for somebody else to live with me if I'm really -- I'm very difficult to live with myself.
Would you think you would have even made it out of your teenage years without your mother?
I don't know.
Why did you that?
Hey, listen, that was partly for me, I don't know why would you that she was dead, how could that -- how could you enjoy that, you know, maybe that's my guilt of being a horrible son.
Was it your way of thanking her or be it belatedly?
Maybe it wasn't thanking her but maybe to tell and show that I love her, you know, but that's how my life has always been, by my love, you know.
Did you ever get the chance to tell her that you loved her?
I don't know, we didn't have that relationship.
What would you, what would you -- if you had the chance to talk to her again, what would you say to her now at the stage of your life?
Well, I don't know.
But, what did you learn about money?
Not much.
When you go around the world, is that one of the things that most people not talked to you about, the Hangover?
Well, the younger kids do.
I was like your fan and stuff and most of the guys run around and ask me what was 2pac like?
Let me play the commercial.
Are you okay?
Well it's great.
So Mr. Rodman, roundtrip to North Korea?
One way.
That moment when you realized Mike Tyson has decided to eat your ear in the middle of a fight, what goes to your mind?
Shocked.
I mean, Lewis, when you were watching that, what did you think?
I was horrified.
He did?
So we're both sitting here.
Did you bite Lennox Lewis' leg?
Yes, I did bite his leg.
And you did get any chunk of it to keep or?
No.
When you see the video of you biting Holyfield's ear, what do you think?
I don't know.
And you deserve the news?
Yes.
So you're pleased about that?
Big time.
Do you get a lot of pleasure now from these young boxers that you're helping to mentor?
Hey man, you can't imagine.
All of them?
All of them.
When was the last time?
Haven't been getting arguments now.
Because people must still tried on with you, right?
No time recently.
How would you react if they did?
I will -- I don't know.
But if you have to, you would?
I don't want to do it.
Do you still work out a lot?
Yes.
I mean I know you use to read lots of books and what kind of things you like to read?
I got a book that's the history of warfare and the histories of all the generals and warfare.
Any sportsman from other sports?
Man, there's a lot of great other sports to, with a lot of great women athletes too.
And was Ali the guy that you would love to have fought?
YSON: No way.
If can now, would you ever get back in the ring?
No.
You're done with that?
Pretty much.
Would you fight Holyfield?
I don't know.
Does that bother you?
Well it is -- I'm not as young as I used to be.
Everything that's happened to you that's in this extraordinary book?
Well I never thought about that, just being free again.
Why did you like it so much?
I've never been that free before.
Actually she was four years old?
Yes.
How did you deal with it?
Hey, I used to -- this way, I used to feel like that when I was at the hospital where other people's children had died or was dying as my daughter died and I realized I don't have no exclusives of either pain and I have to handle it like everyone else handled it and try to be a better father for the children that I have living with me now and to the best of my ability and that's just what it is and that's all I can do, unless I can kill myself and deal with the pain that way and I don't think that's the best way to do it.
What do you say to them as a father?
Hey listen, whatever situation arise I try to help them to the best of my ability.
And what do you say to him about that?
Well I (inaudible) was to be kind to them and treat them nice and yeah so, it's just difficult situation, you know, I mean dealing with children with matters like that, matters of the heart and I try to give them the best advice possible they can with those situations and I just hope that he listens to me because he's going to make his decisions.
Obviously, devastating things sort of happened not just for all his fans and his family but if everyone who was at this event that you were at a charity, then tell me what the event was and how he had seemed at event itself before this crash?
The event was a Toys for Tot annual toy drive that Paul Walker and Roger put on every year.
When he left, did you have any idea how of long they'll be going to be out in the car or they due (ph) to come back in it?
Well, when Roger and Paul drove by us, I was standing by several of the cars, a Ford GT and a Ferrari that belongs to a friend of mine and they said "We'll be back in five minutes."
What did you see on here?
Well, I heard the car go by us and, you know, I heard them go through their gears and then drive and I said "Hey, there goes the Porsche" and "Oh, looks great, everything's nice."
How long have they been out when you saw them get past you seconds before the crash?
They're gone -- it seem like five minutes but it was longer.
And what kind of speed you think?
(inaudible) test driving the car.
What kind of speed?
Well, you know, I never sound really go fast so it's kind of hard because when they pull out of the parking lot, they were going very slow.
So from everything that you've seen at the scene, none of those tire marks that we're looking at now could actually have come from the Porsche itself?
That's correct.
And that is because the tires are much wider on the Porsche, is that right?
The tires are much wider on the Porsche than what's Honda or Toyota, these tire marks are six to eight inches wide, the minimum size tire on a Porsche is 12 to 18 inches wide or wider.
Remember the thing that you have seen and gleaned from the scene there, what would your best guess be about the likely cause of what happened here?
Well, of course something tragically happened, so I'm not being by (ph) on the vehicle I can't speculate on exactly what it was or anything else and I'm not even going to try to guess because two of our friends had passed in this.
How would you describe Paul Walker for those who didn't know him?
Well, from what I, you know, from what I know of Paul with his charitable company with Ro, the guy would take the shirt of his back to help you.
Tell me about where he was Paul Walker with his movie current, in particular with the Fast and Furious franchise which I think was in the, it was seventh movie which is pretty much nearly finished, right?
Yes, I mean another sad part of the story is that Paul Walker was in the middle of probably the best part of his career.
How the movie studios deal with this kind of crisis when it happens?
Well that's the situation the Universal Studios is in this week, they're really trying to figure out exactly what to do.
I mean, are you picking up anything in Hollywood from anyone there about what may have gone on here?
Well, you know, the thing is everybody who's ever worked with Paul Walker, the people that we spoken with have really said this is an outstanding guy, you know, he was nicest guy on set, those kinds of comments, you know.
I mean, Kerry wasn't fairly shock, I mean, it's not -- but people really don't want chase, it's very addictive because instead of a pop drama, pop comedy, it's a really interesting way that they've made it, isn't it?
It is, it is, it has a lot of twist and turns, I think Shonda Rhimes is done in amazing job at dramatizing it for television, it's great.
Is that lethal computer of sex and scandal, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
What is the most difficult crisis, generically, to manage in your experience?
I think probably the most difficult one is that sort of combination that you mentioned that sex is politics, it's corruption for the media has all of those things that are just sexy and juicy so I think those are pretty ...
What was it -- was it like the way Scandal portrays the scandalous stuff involving the president, is that what is really like in real life?
Well, I mean, when you think about it, it's the President of the United States and of course all eyes are watching you and how you navigate through a crisis.
And how do you deal with that particularly development now in the process of a scandal?
I think social media has made my job so much more difficult.
How do crisis manage Alec Baldwin with this kind of scenario?
Well, I think if you are sitting in that position the network is going to weigh how the audience feels.
Is there any easier way to manage it?
Yeah.
Even thought Martin Bashir, one of their cable guys came out with a comment that many people believes or analogy about slavery and Sarah Palin and so on which many believe is much more offensive and yet he remained on air is there a hypocrisy there or double standard?
MITH: I think that they have to look at each case and they're going to look at quite frankly where they're getting pushback from how people reacting to it.
I want to know what you would do now is there anything that can be done to save ObamaCare?
Well --
I think the question is going to be how he moves past this?
And the problem seems to me is that he, you know, it's all very well said that we got a few things wrong.
Is it terminally damaged ObamaCare?
I don't think it's too late.
What is the best way he can do it?
Two things.
Doesn't Kathleen Sebelius have to be sacrificed for the greater good?
Well I think somebody needs to be held accountable ...
... people get fired, right?
Yes, they do.
Would you tell him to fire Kathleen Sebelius?
I would probably tell him that some of his have to roll for it, absolutely.
Including hers?
Someone.
There's nobody more appropriate, right?
Somewhat.
... is any of that stuff going to stick when it comes to a Hillary run as most people expect her to do?
Yes, I think Hillary has an amazing track record.
Is his weight a genuine issue for the American people after a fifth athletic President who turned out to be not quite what people thought?
Right.
You wouldn't have this conversation?
No.
... Barrack Obama turned out to be?
Yes.
Would you take on a guy like him?
I wouldn't.
What's worst for a politician, drugs or sex as a scandal, or corruption?
That's a hard one.
Drugs, sex, or corruption?
I say drugs.
When you see, you know, much more liberal views on things like cannabis, whether it should be legalized, gay rights, and so on, should we still be pillaring and driving out of office, people who are in political life who have personal transgressions?
I think two things.
And you can't go back like Anthony Weiner didn't turn the tap back on?
No, no.
Is it (inaudible) when you sit down with the politicians, some particularly politician who's been caught up in a sex scandal, is he embarrassing when you sit there and they have to unburden themselves to be sitting with Olivia Pope on the show?
Yeah.
Are you ever so shocked you just can't carry on with the conversation?
Not shocked.
What is it that makes the difference in how you come through and end up potentially being very popular again?
Yeah, I think there are three things.
... is yours like that?
No, no, no, not...
ORGAN: Anything you want to share with me about the previous Presidents?
No, no, no, not sleeping with any President.
And the show itself always is huge on Twitter and Facebook and so on, isn't it?
Oh yeah.
She is absolutely fantastic isn't she?
We love it, we love it.
Is everything base it in your head a quick check list of boom, boom, boom, boom are you like that?
Yeah, I mean you have to be, you have to be.
Is that a reality?
It is 24/7 a little bit of sleep and yeah, you have to be I guess.
How much sleep you get?
About five hours a night, I'm good on five.
It's just relentless isn't it?
It is, it is it's not that kind of job that if you want to have a nine to five.
Do you watch the show?
I do, I do.
Because I know you helped produce it but did you watch it?
I do, I do, I tell you one day it was very funny.
Did you?
I did, I did.
If I had one of your clients sitting there, knowing that I would ask that, what would you tell them to say?
I would say, don't count the women that are natural wife, no, no, no.
Would you tell them to be honest with that answer?
Yes I would, honesty is always the best policy.
What's been the greatest moment of your life?
Oh god that's a tough one.
What I wanted to do?
Here lies Judy Smith.
Come stai?
Bongiorno.
It look like the worst food you can eat right?
It looks like stuff that were pile on the punt.
What was the total calorie?
Let's see if the audience can guess how many calories in all of this food, six meals.
Tangerine (ph) how many?
500.
Andre (ph) how many?
2,500.
That's my favorite Italian dish and normally you consume a lot of calories, right?
Well normally the pasta is made with flour which is almost 300 calories in and of itself.
How many calories?
OK, so that would be about 710, it's now 190 calories carb-free.
How do you culturally change that kind of thinking and the fast food epidemic and so on to get them to start to cook at home in a way that can produce this kind of result?
It's an unbelievably difficult question to answer, but I think what we're doing right now is part of it.
Do you have better sex on your food Rocco?
I'll tell you one of the reasons I got healthy is because my sex wasn't as good as it should be.
Let me get to this, one question so how old are you?
I'm 46 years old.
Two years difference, you're 6'1" right?
6'1"
You were at your heaviest how much?
Almost 230.
And you lost how much?
Forty pounds and so, if a chubby chef with a crooked spine and flat feet who could totally get away with it by the way, it's not like girls weren't attracted to me or anything if there was any downside other than the health.
I'm doing great, Piers how are you?
So you're this unknown guy who just announced he'd been eating a lot of subways and lost a lot of weight and before we know it subway business was completely transformed.
Do you still eat subway sandwiches?
I do, you know, I don't eat it every single day anymore but I've learned, you know, exactly in moderation.
What were you at your heaviest, what are you now?
Piers, my heaviest I was 320, right now today I got on a scale this morning in the hotel in L.A. I'm 240.
And how do you this?
So, what -- I was like a business guy running around the world, doing deals, focused on, you know, building companies.
How have you managed to stay so disciplined?
Sure, well the first thing I'd say Piers is I didn't look at what I did as I diet.
What you want to become me?
I don't know about so much you, but I thought like I need a different perspective.
So that's you on the left before, that's what you became in the middle?
Yes six months.
So, I mean quite extraordinary, that's a six month period?
Six months, yeah, so a year long.
Because you'd never been fat right?
Never been overweight, never struggled.
So what were the key takeaways for you?
The biggest things I learned was more so on the mental and emotional side.
Did you suddenly find that, that wasn't happening if you lost it?
I think some people looked at me differently, I could see the stares at the grocery store loading up my cart with soda and cereal but no one ...
Oh, Drew loved it, right?
No, no one was really mean, but I felt like for my perspective people were staring at me more, so my self esteem, my confidence levels took a hit the bigger I got and so that's the hard part to deal with, lose my self esteem being out in public or getting out of the shower covering up in front of my wife, that's how it affected me.
What was the point when you went -- how heavy were you when you had enough?
14 stone, 14 stone.
Was there a moment or kind of self awareness where you went OK that's enough?
I just felt like where was it going to end.
How do we change the thinking?
I have heard so often people trying to blame people for this problem and I will grant you one moment.
You have seen those and have treated people with those, when it gets to that stage people are pretty desperate aren't they to do something?
Well our whole country is desperate, so they're desperate but for sure I think it's important to understand this.
Let's do something about it, and he lost, let me ask the audiences, we got to answer this, I want to ask you two questions, the first one is, do you think super sized sodas are good for you?
No.
But you don't want to be told you can't have it, how do we get through this?
But the reality of it is, it's making you sick, whether you have weight problem or not, so stop to think about that for a minute.
A big issue in the sense if you just did half an hour of brisk walking a day, a lot of doctors tell me that that coupled with a reasonable diet is more than enough to exercise?
It can't hurt but look, you're going to have to be on Tour de France in order, you know, amass the kind of calorie burning that you're going to need to compensate for the kind of over consumption that you can be led.
So diet is the key?
Yeah, controlling the intake especially with ...
Tracy, how are you?
I'm great.
How are you?
So every time I see one of these celebrities having a baby within about three months they look like a stick ends yet again.
What you do to these poor women?
You know what I support them.
I think we gave them -- didn't we give them DVD?
Well, that's a little surprise there.
What are the key things that women who've had a baby need to do quite quickly to get rid of the baby fat and so on?
Well, right now Kim is doing what she should be doing which is bonding with her baby.
What is it about your Barry's Bootcamp is different to others?
Good question.
Can you get properly fit by -- or just doing weights or just doing running is the best combination, both?
Both.
What is it and how does it work?
It's indoor cycling.
Josh, you actually did the Shaun T Insanity thing and it worked, right?
Yes, it did.
What did you end up, the weight?
I started at 293 and was down to 203.
And what is unique about this?
What's unique about it is that, you know, well first of all I'd like to say that people are afraid to workout with me because they think it's so hard.
What is a modifier?
A modifier is so and so.
So it's a less of Shaun T basically?
Yes, kind of.
Barry, do you think as a workout, how many times a week to get reasonably fit?
That's a good question because I'm believer in the hour workout.
And how many days a week would you recommend?
Oh, five days a week.
Barry, you want to go free flagging while you're at it?
You know, if I can also say.
So this is like a bike, right?
It's a bike.
Then what happens?
I want you to look at that little screen and I want you to take your torque to 25.
This one?
Until it gets to 25.
That's our word for resistance torque, OK?
ORGAN: OK.
So you're at 25, right?
Yes.
You're good?
Easy.
How's that going?
This is, you know, getting a little testing.
Should we try 30?
Why not.
So is that a good balance?
That's very good.
And how many seconds do I have to keep doing this for?
About 30.
This is 911, what's the location of the emergency?
Sandy Hook school.
OK, what makes you think that?
Because somebody's got a gun.
First of all, let me get your reaction to the release of this 911 tapes, have you heard them yourself and what do you feel about the release today?
I've heard a portion of the tapes, I don't think the timing is right for them to be released.
As a member of the family, as a Lanza, have you been able to work out in your mind what on earth happened to turn Adam Lanza into this mass killer?
It's been very trying, as a family that's been shaken to the core.
How did she seem to you then, did she mention any problems that she was having with her son?
No she did not, she said her boys were fine and she was looking into the education -- further education for Adam into Washington, you know, they were waiting to hear back.
What are you as a member of the Lanza Family would you say to the families who lost their children that day and indeed the six adults who were also killed?
My heart goes out to each and every family that has lost a child.
Does he give any insight into he's been coping with what happened?
Like any of us it's been a real trial, my heart goes out to Peter, I can only imagine what he is enduring, it was his son.
How did you hear the news and what was your reaction to when you discovered it was one of your own family who had perpetrated this terrible crime?
I was at home, I had the TV on only for noise I really wasn't watching it and I caught glimpse that there had been a school shooting and I thought, "Oh no not another one."
How do people treat the family generally?
For the most part people have been very kind to me.
You knew her, what do you think?
No I don't believe she deserves the criticism that she's gotten and why do I say that because, until you walked in her shoes as a parent with a special needs child you don't know what she endured, you don't know what she dealt with on a daily basis.
You I believe had contact with Nancy Lanza on the very day of the atrocity via e-mail is that right?
Yes.
What did you say to it?
We were chatting about the boys and he going to Washington looking into some possible school.
So she was really even then trying to deal with his problems you believe?
She didn't relay how bad things were or if they were that bad.
What kind of a woman was she, Nancy Lanza?
Well Nancy was a very gentle spirit, a very kind, very giving, very compassionate person, very generous, I always liked Nancy she was a good mom.
Why do you think she was not able to spot that?
I guess my whole thoughts on the whole thing is let's back up to when he was in school and he was labeled to special needs.
What would you say on behalf of the Lanza family to people like Neil Heslin and the others as they still try and come to terms of what happened?
Oh, I want to say here on behalf of the Lanza family.
What do you make of it?
I respect her for her coming forth and speaking.
What was that meeting like for you?
It was -- if felt good after I met with him spoke with him.
Do you have any intention of listening to it?
I was aware of what was on most of the tapes or a lot of the tapes.
Has it gone for you that something that you could possibly enjoy?
I have to deal with it the same way as I dealt with it last year, you know, it's -- you can only try to imagine what it is, it's like to lose a child and unless you -- you've lost a child.
How do you feel as one of the parents about that?
I don't think he failed.
I mean, do you not want to see some legacy come out of this which actually goes someway to try to prevent it happening again?
I do.
I was told by somebody down at Newtown that your wife has actually been invited to speak on the anniversary of Sandy Hook, is that true?
Yes.
How do you feel as a family about that?
Yes, it is true and actually I'm praying for Kay, who I know I talked to her earlier today and she's studying for that.
What do you say to them from a religious faith point of view, to try and bring any kind of comfort, because it's clear to me when I speak to some of them now that time has not been a healer yet?
I think the first thing that we need to say is that God is grieving too.
How are you coping since I last spoke to you as a family?
Well, I'm doing the same things that we talked about in that interview.
When did he finally get this gun?
A month before he took his life.
And do you know how he got -- who he got it from?
He told me that he -- he told me everything and he told me that he have found somebody finally on the internet who would sell it to him and it had to be super encrypted and it had to be, you know, this cool process and he begged me help him because he couldn't figure out the process and again there are so many -- so many moments of terrible choices with mental illness.
How do we get to grips with this?
I think one of the reasons why it's being hard to tackle is because there are so many guns out there in the first place there are almost as many guns in America as our people.
What does that tell you about the state of the debate about this everything else?
Yeah.
What is the Daniel Plan, how are you going to get me healthier in 40 days?
Most diet plans are pretty simplistic 'cause they only deal with food and fitness.
... so that's impressive doesn't it?
This one is actually on physical health and -- and actually the reason why is that I discovered that a lot people want to change, make changes in their life but they don't have the energy to make changes.
Why should spirituality, the power of prayer, any of that stuff have any effect of my ability to be fit or lose weight?
You know what's extraordinary Piers is that people change together in community.
How are you going to convince people in their heads, never mind anything else, to come and do this because if this is the master plan you got to persuade them?
So there are a 140 studies now, that say as your weight goes up, the actual physical size, and function of your brain goes down.
Is that true?
That's true.
When the brain smaller as you get fatter?
Yes.
The person with the good brain or the person with the bad brain?
The person with the good bottle of Jack Daniels.
Does it matter?
So start reading the labels, so get on the internet--
So tell me what are you hoping, well these audience said, many of them have tried and failed with diets through their lives what is the key take away here from this book that can change things?
I mean it's very simple.
Plant food?
Yeah, plant food, nuts, seeds, beans, whole of grains--
Can you eat as much wings as you like?
Me chicken, fish, all of those things are foods.
What are the biggest no no's?
Sugar, flour, processed foods, factory foods,(inaudible), corn syrup, trans fats, MSG all these things that are -- the abundant things in our diet that are driving addiction--
What do you think has been the most effective thing for you in terms of loosing weight?
Well there are three things.
And Rick just a final question for you, obviously you said, the most difficult year of your life, how will you be spending Christmas this year as a family?
You know, Christmas, there's three purposes of Christmas.
How are you coping since I last spoke to you as a family?
Well I'm doing the same things that we talked about in that interview.
Bonnie what's your question for Rick Warren?
I had a child that passed away and it's been 36 years and I've accepted it as much as I can and I'm living a normal life now but my struggle is trying to again, get peace with myself for why.
Rick I suppose the general question on the back of that is, how can a loving God put people through such terrible pain of taking a child away?
Yeah, well again as I said, it would be very easy for God to remove all the evil in the world, just take away my freedom to do it and your freedom to do it.
When did he finally get this gun?
A month before he took his life.
Who he got it from?
He told me that he -- he told me everything and he told me that he had found somebody finally on the internet who would sell it to him and it had to be super encrypted and it had to be, you know, this whole process and he begged me to help him because he couldn't figure out the process and again there's so many moments of terrible choices with mental illness.
No one seems to be tackling this, what is the answer, how do we get to grips with this?
I think one of the reasons why it's being hard to tackle is because there are so many guns out there.
What does that tell you about the state of the debate about it, before anything else?
I don't know how they're going to attack it politically.
And how do we tackle it?
Well I think you hit it on the head Piers when you said that the internet has really made a megaphone.
And you've actually -- you've had this?
Oh of course.
600?
On Monday they closed down 13 just on Monday.
Now it probably is pure political as well as everything else but in the end, isn't it the Pope just effectively standing up as he always has done for the poor about what he said?
Well absolutely, first he just have the authority of speaking as a man who spent his life helping the poor.
Are you recognizing that there is this seemingly unstoppable movement?
Well, I don't get to change what God says is right and what God says is wrong.
Well, that term is from the Bible Right?
Well, I -- certainly the Bible -- it says God created marriage.
How are you going to get me healthier in 40 days?
Most diet plans are pretty simplistic 'cause they only deal with food and fitness.
... so that's impressive doesn't it?
This one is actually on physical health and -- and actually the reason why is that I discovered that a lot people want to change, make changes in their life but they don't have the energy to make changes.
Why should spirituality, the power of prayer, any of that stuff have any effect of my ability to be fit or lose weight?
You know what's extraordinary Piers is that people change together in community.
How are you going to convince people in their heads, never mind anything else, to come and do this because if this is the master plan you got to persuade them?
So there are a 140 studies now, that say as your weight goes up, the actual physical size, and function of your brain goes down.
Is that true?
That's true.
When the brain smaller as you get fatter?
Yes.
The person with the good brain or the person with the bad brain?
The person with the good bottle of Jack Daniels.
Does it matter?
So start reading the labels so get on the internet--
So tell me what are you hoping, well these audience said, many of them have tried and failed with diets through their lives what is the key take away here from this book that can change things?
I mean it's very simple.
Plant food?
Yeah, plant food, nuts, seeds, beans, whole of grains--
Can you eat as much wings as you like?
Me chicken, fish, all of those things are foods.
What are the biggest no no's?
Sugar, flour, processed foods, factory foods,(inaudible), corn syrup, trans fats, MSG all these things that are -- the abundant things in our diet that are driving addiction--
What do you think has been the most effective thing for you in terms of loosing weight?
Well there are three things.
And Rick just a final question for you, obviously you said, the most difficult year of your life, how will you be spending Christmas this year as a family?
You know, Christmas, there's three purposes of Christmas.
How extreme is it and what can you tell me about this missing family?
Last night, Piers, it was 17 degrees below 0.
Whereabouts are you right now and what are the conditions like?
It's just very icy and very cold.
How are you coping with what has happened and what have the authorities told you about the likelihood that this will end with the recovery of everybody safe and well?
Everybody has been very positive.
Chad Myers is saying that 17 degrees below -- below normal, what are you experiencing?
It's just -- it's extremely cold.
What was your reaction when you heard that he had finally died?
I was somewhat surprised because he had such resilience, such determination.
But the great, great thing about Mandela was that when he came out of prison he could've sought awful revenge on his captors and all that stood by the captors, but he went completely the opposite way, didn't he?
We have two things about that.
Because of all this controversy?
Well, partly because of the controversy.
They have the ability to do that, but under our constitution and our set of laws, do they have the right to do that?
That's the big debate.
And how prevalent do you think it may be?
Well, first I want to say I'm not an expert on this subject.
Many people believe there's a double standard at CBS in the way that you were treated in terms of the way you departed from CBS and the way that Lara Logan's been treated, and the way they've handled this crisis, what do you think?
We'll first of all, CBS News has a lot to answer for this.
What are you going to do about this?
Well this is really a hardiest movement.
I guess they are going to guess this, they think code, geeks, you know, people like Jack, you know?
No doubt about that.
Why is there so few American schools that are really investing a lot of time and effort into this?
I think from my end, it's -- it was hard, you know, when I was growing up to see the value in it.
What's the link there?
Well there's actually schools that have had every students do computer science in the 9th grade.
What are the Chinese doing that's so different to the Americans?
Well in computer science the difference is that they're teaching it.
Is Zuckerberg going to use Facebook to embrace this very campaign that you're running?
I think it's one channel but, you know, a younger generation is using their mobile device every single day.
What right really if you collect it we got to say, where we want to defend people's privacy?
Well we intend to defend the people using the service and their voice, and make sure that that's protected and they have an understanding of who has access to the information.
Is that the short version of your polite letter?
I don't know if I can necessarily speak to that specifically but to us it's just establishing trust in people who are using our service and making sure that we maintain that.
You never look at your stock price?
I don't.
Never?
It's not the leading indicator of success.
Are you aware of how many I have?
You probably have 3, 4.
That's right?
It's been a phenomenon.
Do you -- do you Tweet?
ARTOVI: I do and I think actually Jack is exactly the example of why we should be doing things like teaching computers and science in our schools.
Which should I be looking to get into?
Code, programming.
Well, you heard the man there, Jack Dorsey, who's now I think your billionaire, right, Jack?
Not something I pay attention to.
What do you think they should be doing here?
I think they are doing what they ought to be doing, which is they're taking a step back and they put the breaks on and they take -- they're taking a moment to decide what's the best thing to do for this huge production that they're right in the middle of.
Is there an argument against it for that reason?
I don't think there's any resistance to using computer graphics or visual effects to put heads on bodies or anything like that, but I think it really would be -- you couldn't really do that for the rest of the movie.
Has it helped you personally deal with the loss of your mother in such horrific circumstances to try and get on the frontfoot with this debate and get real change?
It absolutely has.
How do you, as one of the families, one of the victims, feel about this?
I mean as far as to changing gun law there definitely has been steps taken on the state level, you know, Connecticut, New York, Colorado for example, on a federal level absolutely disappointing what we saw in April.
I mean in other words, do you think you have to go through this kind of this thing to really understand the horror of guns?
Absolutely.
It must bring back awful memories for you?
After the initial shock and all of my flashbacks, (inaudible) my first thought is "Oh God, how many?"
Were you surprised at how incredibly brave she was?
No.
What else you didn't know?
Hilarious, and perfect, and crazy, and smart, and well- spoken, and fierce, and tiny and she was the kind of mom, kind of principal that wouldn't yell at you.
How is the group doing collectively, given the remarkable attention that is received around the world?
I have gotten extremely close with the Soto family.
How was it for you that day?
I got married in the dress that my mom and I picked out at her house in the (inaudible) and the shoes that she would have tormented me for wearing.
Do you feel she's looking down and guiding you as you go on this or let this campaign now to try and make America a safer place?
Every time I'm ready to give up, at school bus will drive by or I will be staring outside in the wind and my wind chimes will go off or I will see a butterfly in the blistering cold or "Harriet the Spy" will fall off my bookshelf.
How difficult was it to find them and in the end, what was the key breakthrough?
The difficulty in finding them Piers is really being able put the right resource in the right area using both community resources and train resources around the state, put them in the right spot at the right time to find them.
What happened next?
Well, some period of time during the course of the traveling through this dirt roads and snow in some pretty rural area.
Does it surprise you that he was so quick thinking and possibly saved their lives in that way?
He's a smart guy.
Are they expected from what you understand to make a complete and full and speedy recovery?
I would expect that they would make a full recovery.
And in terms of your advice Paul for anybody watching who maybe exposed to similar treacherous conditions, almost I guess the first bit of advice is if you can avoid going out and stay at home but if you are out and you do get caught like this, what is the recommendation?
They did the exact thing that they should.
In terms of their cellphone, there was, we believe a signal but it wasn't strong enough for them to make any calls out but it was strong enough to be able to track it, is that right?
That's correct.
You were part of this, did you have fears start to increase as the hours went by that you may not have a happy ending to all this?
Well, I never want to thought -- nobody wanted to think that at all.
Tell me a little bit more if you can, Jo Ann about the family what kind of family are they?
Oh, well they're a (good) family, you know, like I said they -- he was a good friend to my son in high school and they're still friends and just a close knit family, you know, all the kids they do everything together, you know, they're good people with good heart, you know, and they're close to their family and that was the important thing.
And that moment Paul when you heard that it was good news and they were alive and well, there was must be one of the most satisfying parts of your job isn't it?
It's what we call the psychic income.
... is that OK with you?
OK.
Is he, as it seems to be really this guy that's get sick and tired of hours of shopping and deliberately takes his life?
We may never know the full story here but it does appear that some of these pressures of shopping -- holiday shopping contributed to this man's tragic and fatal decision of last Sunday to jump off the seventh floor balcony of this shopping mall.
Why do women make men go to shopping?
I don't know.
What are you spending (ph)?
I love the fact that you're buying lovely shoes.
I mean, was there a policy by the stores, the Lululemon stores to actively deter larger ladies from coming in?
Well, the store that I actually worked at Lululemon makes a size 12 yoga pant which is considered the lower end of plus size and those pants are actually not displayed with the other sizes on the store wall.
Is this what people do in this game and are they targeting the yoga pants at a slimmer woman perhaps, and we just don't want to admit it?
Certainly not a Yummie by Heather Thomson.
How are you both?
Great.
How do it start?
I can only take Howard in doses.
It's not mistaken, you have never been spoon-fed guacamole by Eva Longoria?
But ...
How difficult is it to make real inwards into that level of hunger?
Well, it's extremely difficult but the difference between the United States and many other places we were is it's doable in the United States.
Well it's a combination isn't it?
... them to perform well.
What is the single most effective thing that could be done for Latino community?
ONGORIA: Education is the single most important thing that can be done because education is the key to economic mobility.
How helpful is it to you to have Ms. Longoria who is -- let's face it aesthetically very appealing to the media?
Well, I think it goes way beyond that.
It's used for good?
Yeah.
This is a big issue in America, right?
Yeah.
What is the answer to this particular part of the puzzle, the minimum wages?
UFFETT: Well, you know, you just back up one step and say that, only the solution to pulling people out of poverty making sure they're fed is to have them working.
What is going wrong at the moment with Obama Incorporated?
Well, you know, in regards to ObamaCare, nothing is wrong with ObamaCare.
You're disappointed that it was done so badly?
Of course.
Did you get your hands dirty, Eva?
You know what, I grew up on a farm.
So basically, it's easy farming, right?
Yeah.
He was?
Yeah.
When are you going to do this for a living?
I think I'm not.
Was that supposed a no?
ONGORIA: No.
Do you think she should though?
No.
Or would it be a great moment as was the ascent of Barack Obama, for African-American in America would be a great moment for the Latino community to see it even if it wasn't your side of the fence?
Right.
Pano right?
Pano.
Just one of you maybe the next superstar of sport in America, so how are you all?
Good.
So you four are the best young golfers in the world, right?
Yeah.
So who's the best on the four you?
Obviously me.
Do you play each other boys with the girls or no, is it always kept separate?
There in tournaments, it's kept separate but when we do our practice turns, I always play against Allan and I always take him down.
That's about seven times in a row that I beat you, is that correct?
Just because she maybe beats me in the practice rounds, I do beat her in tournament days every single time.
Is that how you feel about playing golf?
Absolutely, because when you hit the golf ball you just get a good vibe or a good feeling in your body.
Do you think that's changing?
I think, yeah, it is changing because they always in tournaments say, OK girls can play shorter distances than guys because they can't hit it as far.
Really?
And when I played with Alexis Thompson (ph) and she could out drive all the people that we were playing with and with no problem.
The top female golfers only make around $2.5 million, do you think that's unfair, should you all get paid the same?
I think we should get paid the same because girls can do anything boys could do.
Where would spend it on?
Well, I'll probably buy a mansion in California.
Now, Allan you're full -- you got all the chat, right which is not surprising because you got a very famous sister, who is it?
Anna Kournikova.
Do you use to beat your a sister at anything?
In golf, yes.
But not in tennis, right?
No.
What does it mean to you to play golf?
Well, it's just the fun of the game just to play and I love the game and its fun.
What does he mean to you, Nelson Mandela?
He's a good -- he's a legend of South Africa and I know he is an -- he was a very good man and when he was in jail for 27 years he gave peace and freedom to our country.
And are you proud to represent South Africa in golf?
Yeah.
Do you think you can be?
Yes.
You're up for it?
Yup
Is this for me?
(inaudible).
Can it get a lot worse pretty quickly?
Well, probably not, Piers, you know, they have it under control.
Did you see anybody who is anywhere near the mantel of your father to take up that kind of spiritual leadership in America?
I don't know but there's some great preachers in this country and some great men of God and I'm sure God will raise up somebody.
What would you think in a best way of articulating his legacy should be?
My father has preached the same message and that's God's Gospel.
All over the papers today and the TV, for first of all this handshake, very deliberate with Raul Castro the Cuban President, are you supportive with that or are you against it?
RUMP: Well, you know, you shake hands with somebody but he always seems to bow to foreign leaders.
And the selfie picture with him and the Danish Prime Minister and the British Prime Minister?
Well, and his wife was not happy or she seemed like she wasn't too happy.
Yeah, and it's been a disastrous rollout -- just from business point of view put me old business tycoon hat on, if he's going to carry on with it as he clearly is, what should he be doing to at least try and rescue the situation?
Well, it seems like the website really brought it to light how bad it all is.
... was he that, "You can keep your plan and you can keep your doctor" turned out to be a complete falsehood?
Well, it was a lie.
But only in the situation Donald where the very rich and successful elite perhaps in America are reveling in the current situation because money is cheaper there's plenty of it from this kind of thing that you want to do but for the vast majority of Americans, it's still very tough out there?
But you know, Piers, I'm a developer.
And if you look at what China is doing, they are steam rolling ahead here, 1.3 billion people being educated in a better and better way, you know, it doesn't look good does it for America in 30 years time in terms of the world stage?
It's hard to believe, and if you look at what's happening with China and some -- and I've been talking about this for years what China is doing to this country, they are outsmarting us in a business sense every single step ...
I mean, you have to admire the Chinese?
RUMP: You know, it's funny, in this building, I have the biggest bank in the world from China.
In other words for any institution is that what it needs?
I think he is so refreshing.
Yeah, very sadly, I know that you saw him recently at a big event to celebrate his life, what would be his great legacy, Billy Graham?
Well I think he's got a lot of great legacies.
When you look at Mandela and I know that you had the honor of meeting him as I did, what do you make of him and the struggle that he came through?
Well it's an amazing story because to be in jail for like 27 years and to come out and be a man of not only humility but he sort of -- I was reading where during the inauguration, he had his jailer sitting on the front row and he was friendly to him.
You have a very smart woman working for you, your daughter Ivanka, do you see young successful women now all over the place in your trade and do you think it's good thing for Americans to be more running top companies like this?
Well I think it's a great thing for America.
You employ a lot of people, thousands of people, are you in favor of raising the minimum wage?
Well you don't want to do anything that's going to keep the incentive away for whether it's McDonalds that are expanding in this country.
What do you want to see happen?
We need leadership.
Do you carry your wallet and do you carry cash?
I don't carry a wallet, I have very little cash on me, I like to keep it that way.
Warren has sent one e-mail in his life, do you e-mail personally?
I don't do a lot of e-mail, I don't like e-mail.
Do you use a cellphone?
I do.
Which mobile do you have?
Well I have Apple and I have Samsung and I have a lot of stock in Apple and I want them to do a bigger screen because I do like the bigger Samsung screen and so far they haven't been listening to me.
Is there really hope for Blackberry people like me?
You know I have friends that swear by Blackberry, like you.
Any truth to that?
Well, New York like the country is in big trouble but I'll be making decisions after January, we'll see what happens.
Are you tempted?
You can straighten these things out, it wouldn't be hard to straighten New York out at, it wouldn't be so hard to straighten the country at.
And what is the prognosis for a quick speed recovery?
When he grabbed me -- say, this was my foot and the shark grabbed me, the top teeth is like serrated knives and the lower teeth, they're like forks.
What did you feel when you first heard about this?
Well, I was a bit perplexed and surprised until I read the history of how he came about this decision to do the film.
... doesn't carry much credit, isn't it?
As presidents and senators often say, "I misspoke", I think the choice of the word chauvinist did not really accurately reflect what was going on.
Were you a guy that just never gave up on a good story?
I was pretty persistent.
Is that right?
Yes.
Have you ever used the words, "Stay classy San Diego"?
Only in a few interviews this week but not -- no.
Would you mind just humoring me more and just ending this interview with those immortal words as if you were Ron Burgundy?
Well, of course.
Tell me when you were when you realized there was a shooter in the school?
I was right across by the halls in the library in one of the hallways close to where all the shootings were going on, while the shots were fired.
Did you know either the shooter or the two students who have been injured?
If -- I believe I knew them both but I'm not going to talk about them right now.
We've heard that one of the more seriously wounded students may be a female student, is that the friend that you're talking about?
Yes.
Have you heard anything?
No I have not and I'm praying for her and her family that she's going to pull through.
What has been the reaction from your classmates to what has happened today?
I think -- I know were -- I'm personally shocked, I think they are all shocked like you can look around the room that I was in and you could see in every one's eyes that they did not really register what was going on.
It's not just Colorado obviously but with all these shootings, what do you feel should be done to try and combat this?
I would like to see some change done.
When you're dealing with that kind of mentality and somebody in NRA must have been aware, what is your reaction to that?
My reaction is the American people are much stronger than the voice of the NRA.
And also the reason you might be smiling is unlike so many lottery winners you've managed to hang on to you cash, how have you achieved this double miracle?
Prayer.
Simple as that, the power of prayer?
Yes.
That moment you knew you'd won, where would you and how did you hear?
I was having lunch with the kids and I heard kind of second hand through my dad, he had told me that I should probably check it because I didn't even checked the numbers.
So many lottery winners end up miserable, you seem like one of the happiest people I've ever interviewed?
I choose to be happy because it's definitely a choice.
What is the advice you would give for people to win the lottery and stay happy?
I would tell them to live their life, definitely it would put them in a position to be charitable, that is a great thing to do because it also brings that same energy back to you.
One last question, have you bought a ticket for tonight?
Not yet, not yet, I think I'm going to have one of my kids go buy it for me.
You met him?
No, no, let me start with you Amy, I mean this seemed to me a bafflingly dangerous area for Megyn to go because she's terrific on what she does but not that controversial.
I play though, so is it just a dollar or has it gone up?
I have no idea.
Tell me about the visit and what happened?
Well I was, I met Nick on your show which you know and I was just impressed by the way he dealt with things, he already had such a center and I've had this idea for a while that, you know, when this issues happen and unfortunately that keep happening around the country, that it would be great to have a strike force of people that have been through it, who've made it to the other side and a lot of people think your life can never be the same and of course it won't be in one way but it could be in other areas.
And Nick what was the trip to Newtown like for you and how did you communicate with the people there about what hope they could have going forward?
It was a very powerful, powerful event.
Where do you start and how effective do you think you've been in being able to help them with that process?
Well first of all I've never been about motivation, I know like it's passed around but what I'm really into is uncovering the psychology of what drives somebody and how they can heal.
ORGAN: And JT actually then, launched a campaign to help people in Rwanda and you contributed I think $10,000 to that Tony, how's that been going, do you know?
It's going great we're meeting with her next week but it's not the money we're contributing, what we really want to do is, he saw this young girl JT, he was hurting, he was still inspired by her that, I mean 12, 13 years old he went out and started to raise money to put her through college because she's supporting an orphan for the orphans.
The buildup to this anniversary for you and all the families must be in many ways excruciating I would imagine but take me back to a year ago, the last time that you saw him and what happened?
The last time I saw Jesse it was a normal morning like any other, you're getting ready for school and work and Neil was there to pick him up and I walked him out, you know, a little bit late for work and he was a little bit late for work and he was a little bit late for school and turned to talk to Neil about meeting to Gingerbread houses the next day with Jesse and I turned around and I saw that Jesse had written I love you with his fingernail on the frost in my car, a little heart all over the windows and I was just moved and I knew that, that was one of life's moment.
When you heard what had happened and the full scale of the horror hit home, how do you possibly come to terms with it in that moment?
Well that was a long day at the firehouse and I think in some ways that was almost a blessing because we spend all day not really having a lot of information but of course the longer the time went without Jesse, kind of reality was sinking in, so I had a long time to think about it, to think about my life if Jesse wasn't coming back.
Because it's obviously it's not something you probably ever imagined you'd be doing with the President of the United States and drawn together in such appalling circumstances?
EWIS: No that was three days after the shooting and we -- all the families met with him at the Newtown High School.
And when you heard that about him, that must have been some comfort to you that your boy in that horribly dark moment had shown such extraordinary initiative and bravery?
It is.
When you saw that what do you think of it?
So, all of his school work was taken out of his desk in chronological order and put in a box and brought home about a week after he died.
You should be very proud of JT for his commitment to this?
He is incredible.
Tell me why he inspired you in particular?
You know, I was -- after the Boston Bombing, I traveled up to the Louis Brown Peace Institute in Dorchester and that is where little Martin's family was from.
How do you find the strength to do what you do, to be out there front and center campaigning in such a positive way?
You know, I truly believe that Jesse's message of nurturing healing love is going to change the world.
How likely is it this will go to the very top of the legal system in America?
Well I had I think it was a victory for the fourth amendment, Piers.
Has Edward Snowden been vindicated by this ruling?
Well, I think he's been proven right in terms of his views of this program.
ORGAN: How should he have responded then, if he was there reading about all this feeling concerned it breached American's constitutional rights, what else should he have done?
Well, you know, I'm not going to argue against the fact that he brought a lot of things to light.
And may I supposed you think if Snowden was to give back the substantial data that he so far not revealed in return for an amnesty would that be a sensible conclusion to this given this court ruling today?
I would need a lot -- know a lot more about it before I made that type of conclusion, but let's just say that Edward Snowden has shown a light on some of these programs that a great amount of good has resulted from.
Why have you done this, and I know that you've read what has not been revealed to the public and you can't talk about the precise detail, but how concern should we be about what we haven't been told?
Well, I think that in this case transparency is the way to go.
Do you have any inkling and anything at all, any detail from his past that could possibly explain why this young man would shoot at point blank range Claire Davis who by all account is a delightful young lady, she's a horse lover, very loving family member, why would he even think of doing this?
I have no comment on Karl or his actions tonight I'm strictly talking about the donations and how our communities come together tonight.
Few of the students have teamed up and you're trying to raise money for what purpose?
Yeah.
Tell me about Claire, what kind of girl is she?
Claire seems -- she seemed really nice, she had a lot of friends and that she love to ride horses and all that kind of stuff.
And in terms of Colorado and the number of incidence we've now had in the State Columbine obviously the Aurora tragedy, why do you think this mass shootings and individual shooting incidence, why Colorado?
I really don't know why Colorado.
Did you have any feeling that things weren't quite right with him?
You know, I couldn't really say that he was not right or anything.
Did he ever say stuff in an aggressive way which could explain perhaps some kind of agenda he may have?
You know, I couldn't really say.
How on earth does this happen, do you think?
You know, I wasn't in his shoes at the time.
What else have you been hearing?
No.
Were you aware of any ill will that he bore towards this decision?
Yeah.
Was there anything in his character would suggest an aggression or an ability to be aggressive?
He was a very outgoing person.
How do you feel about what he did?
Words can't describe how I feel for Claire and her family.
Did you know Claire?
No, sir.
This must be a huge shock to everybody, isn't it?
Absolutely.
Do you know of other students who can help him?
I haven't actually spoke to the police yet.
Is there any different or anything else?
Well, there are a couple of important messages that you're previous guest have brought to our attention.
Why is that?
And I would tell you that there are shootings within the black community that we don't cover and that the black community feels necessarily, now that's because the white-run media doesn't care what happens in the black community and I think that they're right.
And we're heading for a very, very big price aren't we?
We certainly are.
And if there's no winner tomorrow, then the jackpot by Friday could be $800 million which means by this following Tuesday which is Christmas or Christmas Eve, it could be $1 billion, is that right?
That is correct.
So you've made it much more difficult for Americans to actually win this right?
Well, the second side of numbers went down to one and 15.
Are you allowed to play, Paula?
I am not.
Is it that it's, you know, that you shouldn't -- be careful what you wish for?
Well, I figured Bud used to call it the lottery from hell.
What do you think?
Well, didn't you have Mike Tyson on here just a little awhile ago and there are folks that by virtue of their character, their limitations, their weaknesses and vulnerabilities, you can put opportunity and money in their world.
Is the lottery a force for good or bad in a society like America?
I think the lottery is wonderful.
Are you going to buy a ticket for Mega Millions?
I'll tell you what.
How are you?
Well, that's such a lovely introduction.
I suppose the obvious question to -- the obvious question to that is it a white or black Santa Claus given all the controversy at the moment?
You know, I find that so sad that it has now become a racial question.
Where are you going?
Well, you have to go sometime.
Who do you think is the most controversial entries?
This is our 21st year.
Miley Cyrus, you know, Miley Cyrus and the tongue?
I like Miley Cyrus.
Why is he struggling so much to really fulfill the great flame of ambition and excitement that he was elected on originally in 2009?
While you've touched on it to a degree.
Do you think he's a hero or a villain or a bit of both?
Well, you know, that what's so fascinating and it depends on what side you're on.
What do you make of him?
Well, I should point out that much as we would have loved to have interviewed the pope, he has not done an interview.
Is that a sign you think of a whole new papacy, a whole new Catholic church going forward?
It's a sign of some changes in the Catholic Church.
She's an absolute breath of fresh air, isn't she?
Absolutely.
What do you make of her?
Well, first of all she has said, "I don't know what's going to come out of my mouth."
They're very divisive as a couple, aren't they?
I am a fan of both of this.
Are you laughing with me or at me?
I'm with you.
What is your personal criteria for selection?
Well, I like controversial.
Can you give me even a tiny clue who's number one?
No.
What about Hugh Jackman giving you a lap dance?
Yes that was pretty good, that was pretty good I love Hugh Jackman.
There may have been a little fling between you, any truth in that?
Oh please, you know, as I said to people, if -- (inaudible) had interviewed Michael Thatcher would you have said, "Have seen this hanky panky?"
... why did I do that?
... yes I mean I do, shoulda, coulda, woulda.
Number five, who would you most like to interview, you've never been able to get to?
The Pope has never done an interview, Queen Elizabeth has never done an interview.
Jennifer Lawrence?
Jennifer Lawrence that would be nice.
Number seven, if you can invite three people from all the people you've interviewed to a dream dinner party, who would you go for?
Let me just see who we're talking about.
Who's the biggest star you've ever meet?
You know I'm not good at the biggest or the worst of that, you know, I remember an interview that I did with Clint Eastwood.
(Inaudible) best and worst and worst and best, if could drop in a dessert island what?
This is a great -- it's a great question for you because you've ...
And which man would you have to accompany you?
Beethoven's Night I guess because it's just, you know, it's so bombastic and it would get me out of my depression to hear that.
Really?
... I would be first there -- no I never have so I would read the Bible.
Who is the one you would most like to run the country in perpetuity?
I don't think there should be any president who runs the country in perpetuity, that's what someone to fool about our government.
Do have any explanation for why your daughter just had her tonsils out and now laying in this terrible condition?
I really don't know the reason why.
What would you say as a family to that?
Well, as a family, our faith is so strong that we don't even think about the possibility of death.
What is the legal position in terms of who has the final say of what happens now to Jahi?
Well, I think first, it's important to know that Jahi is a person not evidence and that's part what's been troubling the family.
ORGAN: Are you seeing any sign, Nailah, that she is aware of what is happening or can hear you or is reacting in any way which might suggest that she is not as the hospital believe brain dead?
Well, I know when I've touched her feet I can take my fingernail and run it up her feet and she'll move them.
How do we -- how does it get resolved?
Well, Piers it's just an awful tragic situation.
How are you Ms. Coulter?
Well, I'm a little tufty that I'm not in studio with you Piers.
What is that mean?
It's a joke Piers.
So, you would say unequivocally, Jesus Christ was White as well?
Well, I'd say he's Jewish.
Well, is he white?
The fact.
Was he white?
I just said it.
Oh is he White?
That's a fact.
Was he White?
I just said it.
But was he white?
Well, I don't --
(inaudible) do you feel uncomfortable with this debate?
No, I think you're mad.
Why would this embrace the likes of Rush Limbaugh?
I'm not sure, I mean in Rush Limbaugh's case, we of course think he is the Pope.
What is going on here and how does it end?
I think it manifestly because of ObamaCare, people are loosing their health insurance and their health premiums are going up.
What doing you think are going to be the key moments now in the next couple of years which can determine what type of republican candidate faces the final run off and who might win it?
I have no idea who might win it.
Have you intend to get down there and buy a ticket?
Well, if I had and then I had won.
You as a high profile gay black man, I mean what is your reaction to this?
Well we, Piers as you know, we just covered this last night, what exactly is free speech to me really have free speech in this country.
Why did you hug your teacher?
I hug all my teachers just to show appreciation on what they do from me.
And have you hugged this teacher before?
Yes plenty of time 4 to 5 times.
Four to 5 times and other teachers?
Well, just a few (ph) even if they haven't teach and taught me.
This particular teacher apparently says that she warned you not to hug her is that true?
Yes, sir.
Did other students hug the teachers?
Yeah, other students hug teachers -- other teachers.
You don't think there's anything inappropriate about what you did?
No, sir.
Are you mischievous how do you describe yourself?
I mean, I describe my self as a well-mannered man and I'm basically about to be 18 so I'm well on my way.
She apparently said in the discipline report that your lips touched the back of her neck and chick did they?
No sir.
I mean what was your reaction?
I was just thinking about senior year and what am I going to do for my education, like my heart dropped like I didn't know what to do.
Has it stopped you hugging people?
In a sense, I feel more cautious and what -- how I go about greeting people and if they -- if I do go at least hesitate for -- just like oh, wait no.
And (inaudible) is there any leave of appeal here, do you got any last recourse to try and get this changed?
Well the appeal has been sent in today, so we have to wait for the board to make a decision on are they going to reinstate him along back in school.
I hope the school see sense because your pretty good sportsman, right?
Yes sir
So they think you're back in the team?
Definitely.
But just to clarify are you saying that your client did pay this housekeeper the minimum wage or above?
She paid this housekeeper exactly what she promised to pay her well above the minimum wage.
It did seem absolutely crazy, is that true, did that happen?
Well, that's exactly what happened.
I mean, have you talked to your client directly about that particular part of it?
I've spent an enormous amount of time with my client and just to set the record straight.
What was it the journalist asked you?
Because the journalist was asking me to keep quiet about something that I've been so passionate about and the problem in India of this gang rape.
Has it reinforce your view that things must change in India?
Absolutely.
How do you feel about the fact that you have no relationship with your father?
I think father's blessings are very important.
Have you heard from him at all since you had such success with films?
Really, of course were social with each other, like on occasions, like Christmas and family weddings we meet each other.
Sad isn't it?
HEREWAT: Very sad, yes.
Do you worry about that?
Not anymore.
Why does your stepmother Jean (ph) have such a resistance to seeing your father?
You know, there's been a resistance for so long, ever since my father married her.
A part of it is sort of absurd legal barriers we face here but how was your father when you saw him?
We're not allowed to say that either else visitations can get pulled.
Is that right?
That's right.
And you have grandchildren as well, any children between you?
Yeah.
Your stepmother Jean (ph), talk to her and you tell her, what would you say to her?
Wow, I mean ...
What do you want to say to this person to try and make her see and let, two obviously loving children see their father?
Piers, we said everything we needed to say to her whether it's in to a camera, whether it's to you, whether it's to a judge or to our lawyers.
Is she the -- let's try and play devil's advocate is part of the reason she's doing this that she doesn't want people to see your father in the condition that he's in?
My father's biggest joy in life was his family and his friends.
You know if you could choose any song of all the songs to dedicate to your father right now, which one would you go for?
Did you ever know that you're my hero.
What was it you wanted to tell me, darling?
How would she have said that too and this isn't going to be easy to me.
How could you?
Well, it wasn't ...
How are you Tim, I mean you, when you finish this book what did you conclude about your extraordinary life?
Well it -- I haven't read the book, but I understand that it's very good.
What was it like when you first began to work they realized you have this extraordinary chemistry?
It was marvelous.
What made Carol so special?
Well she's very giving and very -- she's just wonderful, you know, its -- you can not anger her by any means.
Are you naturally like that or is it always quite hard work for you to perform?
Well I have a natural humor about me and when I talk to people that comes out, you know.
Really?
They've been bouncing of walls about this.
And even you wouldn't know what was going?
No.
So what -- so is that why kept cracking up so much is that you just couldn't -- you didn't know what's happening next?
We never cracked up on purpose ever, ever, ever.
How did you get to be funny?
Well, there's -- that's just -- dyslexia helped me out a lot because I would get up to read in class and I couldn't.
URNETT: Did you tell Piers about the doorbell?
Yes.
Do you find it offensive the modern kind of way of telling pretty crude jokes?
Yes.
Do you dislike it?
I do.
If you -- If I say it right, you've got five minutes to live, you can tell one joke again before you peg it, what would it be?
ONWAY: I would go holdup a bank.
Do you still do stand up on the occasion?
I do a sit down now.
Would you ever bank your joke a little err, if it's not going great?
Yes.
If you got one you pull out the ether?
You don't tell jokes.
Do you find everything pretty funny?
Yes.
... who's a professional comedian?
Newhart is pretty funny.
Carol, what would you say?
Well ...
You could pay to see one comedian on stage again, who would you choose?
Well, I like -- they're apples and oranges.
Marc Lamont Hill, this guy is just a bigot, Ben, isn't he?
It's absolutely clear that he is a bigot and this isn't the case of him listing 11 sins and gay just happened to be on the list.
What is your view on this, sir?
First, he did express things in a rather crude way but would you got very upset about quoting from his message in Pennsylvania.
Are you sure about that?
If you let me finish, I'll tell you how.
This guy needs to go much 12 years of slave, doesn't he, Marc Lamont Hill?
Or just have a common sense.
Which one?
ERGUSON: Today, I want to say that this is my problem with this.
... he gets booted off and then how can it possibly be?
Wait a minute.
Now, wait a minute, are you saying gay?
Let me tell you -- let me finish.
Why should you Dr. Michael Brown be entitled to more rights in America than somebody who's gay?
Give me one who had the right to marry three women.
Piers Morgan, should he have that right, sir?
You personally would like to have more rights than a ...
... in America?
Marriage is union of man and a woman.
That's not -- what's the question I asked you?
... benefits on that.
Yes or no?
No, of course not.
So should two brothers deal out to marry?
Let me -- OK.
There are cases in court about this?
You're getting silly, Dr. Brown.
Why is that ridiculous?
This is what happens...
Courageous?
I'm not sure...
Marc Lamont Hill?
I'm not sure it's courageous.
So am I right to feel as intense as I feel?
You know what, absolutely.
These are the kinds of shows that we're celebrating nowadays quite frankly and you're all surprised?
And let me ask you this Star.
Obviously what do you make to Barbara, what an extraordinary career she's had, isn't she?
I have to tell you, I said many times I've had two great mentors in my career.
What does that word mean to you?
That means a male.
A black male?
No.
Black or white?
Black -- any kind, Chinese could say Nigga, but nigger or nigger.
Why?
Because that's the racist word.
Where have we ended up you think at the year after debating all of this?
Right where we started.
Can I just say something, Piers?
Yeah, exactly.
This guy is an extraordinary man in many ways, isn't he?
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah?
... to play the ukulele.
That's it?
That's the biggest muscle you've seen for a while.
Three?
... but twice.
Three?
Twice.
Did you have one?
No.
Literally at war with everyone?
Yeah.
Away from the old Snoop to -- well from Dogg to Lion, what of you make of it?
The funniest part about Snoop Dogg, Snoop Lion, Snoop anything he wants to call him so Snoop is Snoop.
How are you?
Hi.
What's the answer?
Because he's a (inaudible)
Nischelle?
Because he's fabulous.
Can I go for bleep?
Don't do it.
What do you think?
Yes, I mean, you know, she said the conversation is happening and the truth of the matter is the conversation sadly isn't even happening.
Now, what is going to change this?
It's going to take people to have the courage and strength to stand up against a very powerful.
Is that -- does that happen?
Well, maybe.
ECK: What's faith play a role in your life?
Right.
What's wrong with them?
Carol Roth, what's the name, Newt Gingrich, Mitch McConnell, you know, everybody that can make my life a living hell as I have a network.
Give me, for instance, what's an example of one of those?
I think that, you know, you have people that are old in firm that -- and don't have a church, don't have a family, don't have anybody to go to, but that I think is for the local community.
Is he wrong?
No ...
You seem to delight in identifying heretics?
No, I don't.
I mean, who's going to harness that?
It should help all mankind.
We don't want to win?
Don't care.
Win for what?
Conservatives don't want to win and it's ...
How so, how so?
He is a progressive.
Have you looked into that?
Yeah, OK.
... where he stands on that?
OK.
Are you comfortable with that?
I'm not.
The key here is, are you for maximum freedom?
Yeah.
So, who do -- who would you like for 2016 if you could anoint someone today?
I don't know because I don't trust any of them.
You like Ted Cruz a lot?
I like Ted Cruz a lot.
But can he win or you don't care?
Yes.
Who does that if we don't get conservatives elected?
Let's see.
... assessment of the second term?
... only second to Nixon.
What's his second term looking like for you?
I don't know.
Because you admit that's a problem, income inequality is real, it's wide and under Obama or no?
Yeah, I think, no.
What's one thing conservative should be talking about?
You're not going to solve it through government.
How much did we spend?
UPP: That's another question, I've seen it.
What's your secret?
Those are ...
What are doing right?
I don't know.
... with TheBlaze TV, so what's the end game?
The end game is to be is ubiquity (ph) as possible ...
Me?
Yes, you.
Never?
Not once.
You won't tell us?
I've already talked to God about it.
So you think that we as folks with a platform or some level of influence on, have to be more responsible about the kinds of things you've talk about and the way we talk about them?
I think so but I think also, you know, everybody is different, everybody has their own line.
Is that a serious question?
It's an attempt to a serious question.
Really?
OK stay with me Glenn.
Why are you so fascinated with this old tiny artifact?
Because I think that history is -- history has been made in the facts with dates and memorization of names and places where we've lost the story.
How so?
Just Google Topsy the Elephant.
How do you describe your life?
Redemption, not survival, redemption.
Have you encouraged other people into that faith or faith in general?
No, I find ...
Do you find that to be a mission of yours?
No, I find that living a good example and showing people who are miserable, there's an easy -- there's an easier way.
Any sense on where we are after one week in terms of the takings?
You know, things are certainly moving forward.
Is this a force for good or a forceful continued concern as America moves now to legalizing marijuana?
It's disastrous.
What is the difference?
Well I'll tell you.
How many lives, percentage-wise do you think it destroys?
I think it destroys thousands.
OK?
But what are ...
Obviously, a pretty damning verdict there from Howard Samuels, from your experience of law enforcement, what do you make of this move today?
And the front lines that I've been on are ones of law enforcement obviously.
The challenge is how do we responsibly regulate marijuana as a legal product given the failures in the past?
OK, on that very point, are you happy with the steps that Colorado, for example, reporting you have to be 21 or older, you can buy up to an ounce with a license on stores (inaudible) Colorado ID, people from outside Colorado can buy a quarter ounce, users can also share an ounce of cannabis with a friend.
Are you happy with that criteria?
Yes.
Taking away their job, including that, right?
... (inaudible) it should not be arrest record for marijuana, but you don't legalize it and mass produce it, just like the ...
And if not, why not?
Too late.
How's your skin doing?
Well, you see, I look a little bit -- I've been called all kinds of things.
You have Jahi back with you, are you able to say where she is?
We're not able to disclose where she is.
Why do you believe that they're wrong, that there is still hope and she may still be alive?
Because we believe that as long as her heart is still pumping, she's still alive.
Are you seeing any signs of what you think could be evidence that she is alive?
Absolutely, she is moving a lot more.
Do they have complete legal rights over her body now?
Well, the situation is sort one in limbo because the coroner on one hand says she is dead.
But do you want from a legal point of view to have more physicians examine her to determine whether they agree with the original verdict that she is brain dead?
No, what we wanted to do was have her mother have the ability to make a choice as to whether or not her daughter would stay on or come off of the vent.
Should that always be, do you think, a family's choice?
Yes.
You feel that strongly, Omari?
Absolutely.
How long will you as a family persevere?
Right now we're just taking it one day at a time.
Are you working on the theory that miracles happen?
Not so much -- I mean absolutely.
For those who do have meet her, have met her, what kind of girl is she?
Jahi is a very sweet girl.
Arthur Caplan, we've discussed this before, has anything changed in your opinion of this case since we last talked about it given that there's now the movement in terms of the apparent legal position?
Nothing's changed medically.
Has anybody to your knowledge recovered after being declared brain dead?
You know, I checked this.
What do you make of it?
You know, Piers, I think from a human perspective it's heartbreaking and difficult.
Why does it not exist elsewhere?
Because there is -- and frankly, you know, I don't know much about the New Jersey law but when you have a situation when a child is dead, the responsibility is for the hospital and the parents to come to terms and understand that but there is no remedy here.
Why should we be stopping this family from being in that position?
You know, I'll answer this way.
If we left it up to you and me grieving over our families, who's going to say give up?
There's another case in Texas which is fascinating on a different level.
Now, where do you sit with that, Arthur Caplan?
Well, for me, Texas legislature has no business intruding into this tragedy.
We also know that his older brother Johnny is here as well has got into UMass, why did this story touching out with you?
It was a story of hope and opportunity in an area that doesn't have too many of them, areas that have, you know, high crime, high poverty, and I met these boys, they weren't waiting for someone to help them, they were doing it on their own.
OK, George let me start with you because you've been offered a place at Yale, but brilliantly you have made your mind (inaudible) because you're still quite fancy (inaudible), is that right?
Yes, that's right.
How do you feel about what has happened to you and to your brother?
Definitely really exciting that we have come such a long way from, you know, poverty, single parent, and it's definitely really exciting for me to be accepted to, you know, Ivy college but as well as for my brother to attend, you know, a college already and, you know, it feels amazing to, you know, be in the right path and...
Do you feel, Johnny, that you are now living perhaps the American dream your parents wanted to live when they came here?
I don't know if I can call it the American dream but we're getting closer to that I suppose because I have still yet to graduate from college, although we have been given many privileges of being able to be educated and we're well on our way.
Tell me about that?
Well, we'd spoke before and of course Donnie Wahlberg is my (inaudible).
Well, what made these boys special enough to be able to make this miraculous achievement which is what many people see it as?
Well I don't think they -- I don't think they call themselves special.
What is your advice to other kids in that area and neighborhoods like that around America for avoiding the pitfalls of crime and violence and so on?
Find hobbies to do.
George, what do you think?
Yeah.
Any play that goes on?
They are very capable of being typical teenagers.
This is only the second time you got on a plane in your lives was to come to the studio today, right?
Yes.
ORGAN: By the time you got back to your -- where your parents came from in Vietnam, what do you think your father would have made with the fact that you've been offered this place at Yale and you're at UMass?
He would have been very proud of us.
So George, I mean, do you think that he instilled in you the kind of values that you're clearly showing us tonight?
He definitely did, because I mean when I was in elementary school he would always check my homework, make sure I was doing well.
What's your Twitter address?
It's billy_baker.
The pair of you have been almost surrogate fathers, haven't you?
I mean more so, Emmett, certainly.
What are you doing at UMass?
Studying chemical engineering.
ORGAN: What do you want to be?
Chemical engineer.
What about you, what are you going to be?
Thinking about studying biomedical engineering.
What do you want to be?
Journalism.
You'll be a journalist?
Maybe.
Just how cold is it getting out there?
You know what for just for you, Piers, the temperature is exactly the same in Celsius as it is in Fahrenheit.
(inaudible) tonight?
All the way through until Friday.
You tell me, what'd he do?
And -- no, no, no, you tell me.
What does it feel like taking (inaudible) yesterday, for example?
Big difference, Piers, than we did within Michigan Avenue downtown.
And what kind this train generally, is this massive cold burst now putting on all electric grids in that area?
Well, specifically with the train passengers, they ran into a snow grip that the train believably couldn't get through so they were stranded for.
How's your derriere feeling out for about 48 hours in the freezing close standing on your feet, Ted?
My face is worst than my derriere.
What was this you feel like to be in these extreme cold temperatures?
Well, Piers, it is obviously cold here.
Is there sense of anger of what JetBlue does or was it basically all they could do in these circumstances?
You know, there is probably some anger from passengers just because of all of the flights that have been canceled.
Has this ever happened if all recorded freezing temperatures before at the same time?
You know, it has and even for Hawaii because you have (inaudible) and you have, you know, mountains that are 14 thousand, 60 thousand feet high.
New York City, Buffalo all talking about 50 degrees by Saturday, Atlanta to 60 and even in the Minneapolis to 32, how about that?
Well, I just got back from Australia watching England debacle playing cricket, and it was a 114 degrees there.
But what is your sense, Chad, about what is going on here?
Yeah, I've heard a lot of chatter about, "Oh look at this global warming.
What are you doing right now?
Well, we're taking care of all of the animals.
Has it been that dangerous for them?
Neither the zoo.
What is the best advice for what you do in this kind of situation if this deep freeze continues?
You know, if you have animals that are outdoors, the best thing that you can do is bring those animals inside.
And the pandas, are they the ones are enjoying this the most?
The pandas are definitely enjoying it.
What do you think is really going on?
Well, Piers, you know, it's really important to remember that while the long term trend is global warming, that the climate is warming, I prefer the term climate change because it gives a little bit of a more accurate sense of exactly what's happening, long term that the client is changing and growing warmer, but that can mean that in short term trends, some places will get warmer, some places will get colder.
To those who remain resolutely skeptic about all these and say, there's no such thing as global warming, there's no science that really supports it, what do you say?
I mean it's - there are people that are advancing in agenda that it's not going to do with science I think in that case because, of course, the science is overwhelming.
Are they right?
Well, one of the things that's important to remember too is that in many cases, though not all, climate change is not necessarily causing these storms to happen but can increase the severity of them.
Well, but to take action and then be proven wrong than to take no action and not be proven wrong, right?
Exactly.
Well, what do you say?
I think he's an idiot.
Yes?
Do you understand what he did --
And you tell me, what did he do?
No, no, no, you tell me, you tell me why is he held captive --
Why?
They haven't released -- they haven't released any reasons.
ORGAN: I mean, Senator McCain, the problem at all this is, it sounds shockingly naive at best or worse, he's become a kind of a propaganda tool for the North Korean regime, isn't it?
Well absolutely I mean for him to say, do you know what he did, obviously they had feed Mr. Rodman some lying about the person which is, you know, is the whole thing is a -- as I say in one respect it's kind of side show where the guy that's not too bright, that's looking for something to do.
What do you make of this?
It's a assessment I've had frankly since the Presidential campaign.
Well talking of Fallujah there were reports as with Al-Queda as we take in control in parts of Fallujah, what does this tell you about the reality of the situation in Iran there?
It tells me because we didn't leave the force behind not to fight to influence and to help and train and assist and do all the things that American Troops could do and not fight anymore.
Finally, and it's certain that there's ongoing battle over unemployment benefits, where are you sitting on this issue?
Well, I'd like to find a way to pay for the $6 billion this cost, it's impossible for me that to believe that we can't find $6 billion in order to fund this rather than just increase the debt.
And what are the key things you think the people should embrace as they reach the 50 milestone?
Well, this is kind of an aspirational time of life.
But what kind of inspiration of somebody like Barbara not just to your generation but to all future generations really, of women in the media, women working anywhere in America?
Well, she's a really good example of the -- it used to be these exceptional people like Barbara or Mike Wallace in our industry who could continue to be at the top of the majors for an entire career.
Your life calling is that it's both an opportunity and -- Oh, yes, what am I going to do for 40 years?
ORGAN: One thing you could, you recently be back with Bryant Gumbel and return in Today Show in glory.
Could you see yourself making a dramatic comeback into the breakfast TV world?
Yes.
So pretty impressive right now?
No.
Welcome, Sherri, how are you?
I'm not twerking, I'm a little tired and, you know, I like to twerk.
How do you battle the demons up there on your shoulder?
Well, number one, I'd say you have to forgive yourself.
So what do I do about the fact that I'm allergic to Kale?
OK, what -- now, being allergic is one thing and you can't stand it is another.
So, which one is it?
No, I'm not really allergic to it.
What about having inside the Big Mac and large fries I have for lunch?
There's your problem again, Piers.
Do you as to what this is?
Don't know.
How are you?
Hello Piers (inaudible).
What's your thoughts?
It's probably you at the moment, Piers, but I'm probably close behind you.
Are you still running up a pretty large hill?
I should think that we've got to the point where we got to the top of the hill.
According to the CDC one out of every eight preschoolers is obese in the US high in African- American and Hispanic kids, what have you found to be the most effective way of talking to kids in particular and their parents about how to change habits?
Well that's a really good point you made.
And that prompts the obvious question, how do you know?
Well, mainly because most people used pig ingredients, sorry, pork parts in surgery and stuff like that.
You know, so are you a cannibal then, Jamie?
No.
What is your thought?
I love Nigella.
Is there some surprise that he hasn't already taken action and fired those responsible?
Well, it's a difficult situation over there because the alternative to not knowing was knowing which would have been another headache.
Mr. Mayor, what is your reaction to Chris Christie's statement late this afternoon?
That he's appalled.
Do you believe that Chris Christie knew nothing about this as he claims?
I don't know.
It's hard to imagine a more serious abuse of power, isn't it Mr. Mayor?
I would agree, you know.
Should people be fired, should any of any of these people be in a job by tomorrow morning one to be name in shame today?
OKOLICH: People that are in these positions of authority that behave this way, that put petty politics ahead of the health safety and welfare of my residents and the residents of the entire state of New Jersey truly can't be in those positions.
Have you heard from anybody in Chris Christie's camp including the governor's staff?
No, zero.
No apology?
Remain mindful, Piers, I'm not on his radar, so I trust, I'm not in his (inaudible) either.
What is your reaction to this extraordinary development today which lays clear evidence now that takes right to the heart of Chris Christie's operation that they did this deliberately?
Well, I have been involved in this issue for four months which Mayor Sokolich knows.
-- if I could jump in, should Chris Christie be firing people over this?
Yes.
Is it likely that that was ever in their minds?
Well, if you call the traffic study three or four days beforehand where you have the idea put forward that you're going to close a few lanes and look at that, I suppose you vaguely could call that a traffic study.
It was over 30 years that's been done that way, you know, why not continue?
Yeah, as you're talking, John, we're actually looking pictures from the time back in September where you can see the traffic currents (ph) and everything else.
How serious could this be for Chris Christie?
It's very serious I think it could threaten his presidential ambitions if he is directly tied to this scandal which he hasn't yet been.
Do you like the fact that you have this slightly intimidating reputation?
I don't like or just like it, it's just kind of what it is.
ISPIRITO: It looks like chocolates, it looks like the worst food you can eat, right?
It's like pasta.
What was the total calorie?
Let's see if the audience can guess how many calories in all of these foods.
Tangerine, how many?
500.
Andrei, how many?
50.
Well, what it actually was?
So, this a high protein chocolate smoothy.
And normally, you assume a lot of calories, right?
Well, normally, the pasta is made with flour which is almost 300 calories in and of itself.
How many calories?
OK, so that would be about 710.
How do you culturally change that kind of thinking and the fast food epidemic and so on to get them to start to cook at home in a way that can produce this kind of result?
It's an unbelievably difficult question to answer, but I think what we're doing right now is part of it.
You have better sex or your food, Rocco?
I'll tell you what, the reasons I got obvious is my sex wasn't as good as it should be.
One (ph) faster, so, how old are you?
I'm 46 years old.
You're 6 foot, 1 right?
Right.
You were -- your heaviest, how much?
Almost 230, 228, yeah.
And what did you do?
I was 35 years old, and I was already being told that I'm in health danger of heart disease.
You lost how much?
40 pounds and -- so if a chubby chef with crooked spine and flat feet, who could totally get away with it, by the way.
Jared, how are you?
I'm doing great, Piers.
How are you?
So, you're this unknown guy who just announced he'd been eating a lot of Subways and had lost a lot of weight.
Do you still eat Subway sandwiches?
I do, you know, I don't eat it every single day anymore, but I've learned a lot, you know, in my -- exactly in moderation.
What do you know?
Piers, my heaviest weight was 320.
And how do you do this?
So, I was like a business guy running around the world, doing deals focused on building companies.
How have you managed to stay so disciplined?
So, the first thing I'd say, Piers, is I didn't look at what I did as a diet.
Why did you want to do that, why do you want to become me?
I don't know if it's so much you, but I felt like I needed a different perspective.
Because you've never been fat, right?
I've never been overweight, never struggled.
Is there something you find that that wasn't happening if (inaudible) you've lost it?
I think some people look at me differently.
Oh, Drew, you've lost it, right?
No one was really mean, but I felt like, from my perspective, people were staring at me more.
How do we change the thinking?
I've heard so often people trying to blame of people for those problem.
Why are you seeing so much business, you think, form the stories that you get?
From the stories that I hear, it's very clear that people are addicted to sugar.
When it gets to that stage, people are pretty desperate, aren't they, to do something?
Well, our whole country is desperate.
How we get through this?
And the reality of it is it's making you sick whether you have a weight problem or not.
Tracy, how are you?
I'm great.
How are you?
So every time I see one of these celebrities having a baby, within about three months, they look like (inaudible).
What do you do to these poor women?
You know what, I support them.
I think we gave then -- didn't we give them DVD's?
Well that's a little surprise actually.
What are the key things that women who've had a baby need to do quite quickly to get rid of the baby fat and so on?
Well, right now Kim (ph) is doing what she should be doing which is bonding with her baby.
What kind of workout should you be doing and what kind of diet should you combine it with, if you want to just get some reasonable results, you know, maybe lose 89 pounds or whatever it may be?
Yeah, that's a really great question, because the formula is key and the ratio is key and also enjoying life is key.
What is it about your Barry's Bootcamp that is different to others?
Good question.
It's the best combination, both?
Both.
Now, what is it and how does it work?
It's indoor cycling.
How do you get people into right discipline, to keep going and not just give up after a few weeks because so many people do?
Well, I think that's the main thing.
And what is unique about this?
What's unique about it is that, you know, well, first of all, I'd like to say that people are afraid to workout and because they think it's so hard.
What is a modifier?
A modifier, if someone so -- if I'm doing crazy high jumps, there's a modifier doing a less low impact.
And how many times a week to get reasonably fit?
Actually, that's a good question because I'm a believer in the hour workout.
Barry, you want to get a free plug-in while you're on it?
You know, if I can also say, it has to be fun.
So, this is like a bike, right?
It's a bike.
hen what happens?
I want you to look at that little screen and I want you to take your torque to 25.
his one?
Until it gets to 25.
You're at 25, right?
Yeah.
You good?
Easy.
How's that going?
It's easy (ph).
Why not?
OK.
And how many seconds we'll have to keep doing this for?
About 30.
You know him, you're a neighbor of his, you live near him, right?
Well, first of all, you know, I do camps, clinics with kids in the North Miami area and Dennis has helped me out.
But what did you know about North Korea and about the regime?
Nothing.
I mean, did you also know nothing about North Korea, about the regime?
Well, I know nothing about Kenny going to North Korea.
Would you have stopped him?
I would have stopped him, correct.
I mean, I think, it's important, you know, that that you recognize that Kenny recognized that there was something wrong with Dennis at that point, right?
Most people will say look, you know, I don't want to be too harsh on you, Kenny because I know that you're the main culprit here.
But I felt, you know, that for all these sporting stars to go out there and embrace this guy who is a pretty evil man running a very evil regime that you, yourself, met him Kim Jong-un, and you shook his hand, right?
After the game.
Did you know a thing?
Yeah.
Why am I doing this?
I knew.
You still shook his hand?
I had no choice.
Why did you have no choice?
Because I was -- I feared, you know.
Did you feel ashamed as you were doing it?
I felt bad.
Did you feel that Dennis, in a way, sucked you in the something that you just really should never been there?
First of all, you know, I'm 43 years old, you know.
It must have made your skin crawl there, doesn't it?
They bought it, you know, after ...
When you're watching it now then what do you think?
All the information ...
Look, can I ask you a question?
Sure.
What does one do?
Well, let me ask (inaudible) you came in.
How much did you guys get paid for this?
It wasn't about the money.
But, how much was the fee for the plays that went out there?
Different guys got different fees.
So, if you were being honest, what did you get?
I had a few thousand dollars for it.
Five, 10?
I got a few thousand dollars for it, $110,000.
Why don't you give it all to a kid's charity?
I will give a portion to a charity.
And not all of it?
I will give a portion to a charity.
You don't feel comfortable earning money to go on that trip, do you?
It wasn't about the money in the first place.
Why accept it?
Because I got compensated for doing something.
Shouldn't you as his agent be recommending or unrecommending that he just basically don't take the money?
I'm not in the position to do that.
Or will give it all to charity?
I'm not in the position -- it's his money.
Given their statement, do you feel that that is a legitimate stick to go after Chris Christie with?
Well, I did during the campaign against him and the fact of the matter is.
Well I mean that there's a suggestion today that no actual criminal law may have been broken, do you agree with that or do you think that ultimately there may will be a legal case to launch (ph) in a criminal court?
Well, this is an abuse of power and an attempt to cover up that abuse of power.
What do you think is going to happen with this investigation and indeed the political career of Chris Christie?
Well Piers, this is not about polls.
He can't run a bridge, how does he want to run a country?
John Wisniewski, Assemblyman from New Jersey, thank you very much and Senator Barbara Buono, thank you very much as well.
Why wouldn't they do that?
Because no one wants to go on the record defending something that may ultimately be just proven in a week, or two, or four or six, and that's essentially the problem.
So, not much, what does he save for his chances of surviving the scandal, and in fact, continuing to become possibly Republican nominee in 2016?
Well look, what's taken ahead here is the -- Chris Christie that he wanted to presents nationally.
Do you feel there's a double standard here in the way that Democrats are going off to Christie, given the way those three other scandals played out?
Yeah, well, I knew you couldn't quit me, Piers.
... to the actions of people working for you?
You should, I mean, you should know what's going on and you should also be responsible for the culture that you create in that place.
... to see this as a bit of a side show or not?
You know, I don't know.
And secondly, perhaps winning a generalization if it was against Hillary Clinton?
Well, I know that there's a lot of different stories going back and forth, how he has pulled against Hillary Clinton.
Do you think that he could still be Republican nominee?
Absolutely, I think that nothing else is going to come up.
So, Ryan, what about you?
Absolutely, I agree with that.
Are you surprised by the reaction or was that exactly what you expected?
Well, thanks for having me Piers and you know anyone whose covered Roger Ailes knows that he is the most combative man in the American media.
Why put him on a pedestal of power?
That's a great fascinating question.
Is that true and if he is so powerful, politically, how come he's effectively they lost the last two elections?
Well, I think that's a great point.
Is that fair assessment?
I think that's a fair assessment and that's what my reporting told me after three years in more than 600 interviews.
How do you plead to that?
Well Piers, I reached out to Roger Ailes more than a dozen times in person and in writing.
... what did you make about it?
... it's a harrowing story.
Final question, is it possible to abhor what Roger Ailes stands for whilst massively admiring his success and ruthless ability to crash rivals?
Listen.
This, a 12-year-old boy who just calmly takes a shotgun to school and opens fire on classmates in the gym, do we have any idea yet about motive?
We don't.
... in the past of America but for 12 years old, it really does take this gun epidemic to a whole new level, doesn't it?
Yeah.
Could you tell me exactly what you saw or heard today?
Yes.
Do you know who the girl was who was 13, who was wounded?
Yes.
And are these friends of yours or people that you just know at the school?
They are friends of mine.
But, do you know the boy who used the shotgun?
Yes, sir.
And did you have any indication when you saw him arriving with his bag that he had anything wrong with him, that he was angry or agitated?
I don't know about that.
Did you actually see any of the shooting or did you just hear the shots go off?
No, I've seen the shooting.
So you saw this boy shooting your two friends?
Yes.
Obviously, very difficult to interview any young people in this kind of situation, but tell me, Monique, after you saw the shooting happen, who actually stopped this boy from shooting more of the students?
One of the staff running and told him to put that gun down, and he had his hands up in the air.
Did you know anything about that?
Well, I do know he was being bullied.
You said that he was being bullied?
Yes.
And once he'd been stopped from shooting anybody else, what then happened?
And after all that happened, they all sent the kids and the teachers were running to Nathaniel (ph) and then all the kids has -- were going to their classrooms.
How long were you kept and locked down?
Going to have to say for like two hours.
What do you feel about what happened to the school today?
I was like -- I was really scared of what happened, but I don't want to go to Berendo anymore because of what happened because I'm afraid it's going to happen again.
What do we know about the facts here?
Based on what we know is at approximately 1:30 afternoon, there's people watching the previews of a movie.
Is that correct?
That's part of the investigation.
Can you confirm that?
You know, we can't -- you know, there's many things that are going out there, rumors, but I can tell you, he has been charged of second degree murder.
As a sheriff on the ground trying to deal with this gun violence epidemic, what do you make of it?
People commit violent crimes, you know, whether be a knife or a gun.
ORGAN: But you don't feel as a sheriff on the ground there should be any changes to the existing gun laws?
No, as I go back to -- this is about, you know, we have mental health issues and substance abuse.
But, am I -- am I alone voice of insanity in this debate?
No.
Lisa, tell me, really in simple short terms, what happened?
We're on vacation.
You don't quite sure how she died at the moment, is that the position?
No, they never gave me a diagnosis.
When did you realize, Lisa, that this was not your mother?
I'm -- when I was approaching the casket before calling hours at the funeral home and I went up there and I looked at the hair and I looked at this woman's ears and I look at her nose and I said, "No, this isn't mom, this isn't mom," and I got up and I walked out.
What happens next?
Well, we called right away down to the funeral home down to St. Maarten and said to the funeral director and that there was mix up, there was terrible mix up.
Well that turned out to be a nonsense right?
Right, right.
How does that make you feel?
ORTKKA: Terrible.
But you don't know for sure, do you?
No.
Is there any way that you can make any tests which could establish that it was you mother that was cremated?
Well supposedly they found some kind of bodily fluid in the casket.
What is your reaction to this?
Well it's a horrific story and I'm so sorry to hear this tale.
Is there any likelihood of the ashes themselves revealing any DNA or indeed the fluid that was in the casket, is the second option more likely?
Yes that's a great question, Piers.
Do you have legal representation to take the appropriate action given that you've got to deal with St. Maarten and indeed with Canadian authorities?
We haven't gotten any legal representation.
Is the government helping you here, the US government?
Yes.
How would you like your wife Margaret to be remembered?
Oh, with love that she -- she is such a lovely woman and she -- it's so hard to explain it, but there was nothing that she could do to anybody that they wanted this or not or they needed something, she was always there, always there helping out, doing things for other people.
Do you accept that if Chris Christie is being sincere and honest, and genuinely knew nothing about this Bridgegate affair that he has done all he could be possibly expected to do, since it all blew up?
Well this is a self-inflicted wound Piers.
Congressman Grimm, you support, I think, Chris Christie over this but it must have dented your faith in the way his run his administration, hasn't it?
No.
And I think that's what we all want to know right, Michael?
Sure.
Has he done all that he can do, do you think to deal with this crisis to date?
He stood before the national media for two hours, answered every question came before the legislator in the state in New Jersey today and was clear.
What else do you want from this man?
Well, I suppose the obvious thing that struck me with all this and I'm always been a big fan of Chris Christie's, interviewed him several times and find him extremely impressive character in many ways.
Why do you think that is?
Well were here.
Is he just being a guy trying to release the shackles?
Listen, the business now, acts can happen quicker than ever and for, you know, for every Bieber, you know, along comes the Taylor Swift, or the lads in One Direction.
You've been -- you've managed everyone from Fleetwood Mac, and the Eagles, Jackson 5, Prince, I mean all the naughty boys and those little (inaudible) I mean naughtiness and music go hand in hand, doesn't it?
You know, they handle it differently but, you know, I always tell them it's the music business.
Why the LA Forum, why have you guys got together to do this?
Well, the LA Forum is really a unique, I wouldn't necessarily call it experiment but it's a one of a kind in the world venues.
If you are a big music addict and you got Justin Timberlake in fact next week as well, what makes this special?
Well, for one Jim and I share a common goal.
Who is the act you would most love to have been able to put on at this new forum?
Unequivocally, the Beatles.
Right?
Yes.
You heard that?
There's a big Beatles stand.
I presume you've invited lots in the places?
No, no.
Brian what can you tell us about these pictures?
Well Piers TMZ says they are believed to have been taken in Fallujah in 2004.
And what is the Defense Department saying about all these?
Well they've issued statement Commander Bill speaks of the Pentagon Press Office.
Does the statute limitations apply in the case of war crimes generally?
It would apply in the case of war crimes but the Pentagon specifically told me earlier today they don't believe that this is a war crime under the Geneva Conventions and under some of the more traditional definitions of war crime.
On the assumption that they're genuine images and we haven't independently verified them, what would you're reaction be to American troops behaving in that manner?
Well there have been some rare instances of US forces US troops in both Iraq and Afghanistan behaving in ways that are not sanctions by the United States and are contrary to military regulation and uniform and coat of military justice.
What did you make of that story?
Will I -- this is very troubling to me because when I was secretary in 2008 because of various problems in the nuclear force I ended up simultaneously firing the secretary of the Air Force and the chief of staff of the Air Force as a matter of accountability because of mishaps associated with our nuclear capabilities.
Is that a good idea do you think?
think it's actually essential.
What is your reaction to that?
Well, I don't think it had -- would have any impact on the morale of the troops still fighting there because the reality is the President has made a number of decisions with respect to Afghanistan.
Is it really a patriotic duty to do this before those two things have happened?
I think it is important for Americans and particularly our men women in uniform to understand the debates that went on in Washington and to humanize and personalize those debates so that they know that these issues were debated seriously, that there was a lot of passion involved that the President asked hard questions.
Is it good for United States of America, that the Vice President according to the most experience defense chief of the last for four or five decades says he's been wrong about absolutely every foreign policy issue in that entire period?
Well, frankly I don't think any of that is particularly a secret.
And I would imagine it would put more pressure on Hillary Clinton to try and explain why if that is the case this ever happened?
Benghazi happened after I left office so I'm not familiar with a lot of the details that are associated with it except for what I've been able to read in the newspapers.
Have you in all your time dealing with Washington in Congress, have you ever known it'd be so obstructively divisive to the American national interest?
American politics including the American Congress have always been very rough and tumble.
What were you trying to say?
You know, when I got -- no, what happened as I got -- first of all, I didn't know I was going to be on then and I was so taken aback.
Never thought you have to make a speech?
No.
Did you have a couple of alcoholic temples to get in the mood?
No.
You've been really sober?
No.
Because you're a godmother to Angelina Jolie?
I am.
How did you feel about the speech?
I felt happy that it was over and thrilled to have that Golden Globe in my hand and we walked back into the press room and everything and everybody was very friendly and congratulations I didn't think any of it.
I mean, that word I said is not a big deal, is it?
No.
Can I say that?
Of course you can.
I mean did you think when you made it you were doing something quite special?
Oh, I did.
Did you get, you know, Leonardo DiCaprio coming up and saying, "Hey you were fantastic" or all the stars?
No.
More than 50?
Much more.
Do you know how many it is?
It's about 90 something.
Is it really?
Yeah, I thought 90 projects, yeah at least.
Do I?
Yes.
And I want to ask you my signature question, how many times Jacqueline Bisset -- have you ever been properly in love?
Well, that's a ...
Do you think it will?
Well it will.
Why?
I could never see, you know, it's probably because my parents were not happy.
Really?
Once.
How many times have you say you've been properly in love in your life?
I've been in love every time in my major relationships, I've been in love absolutely.
To how many times?
Well, I've had like five major relationships.
ORGAN: ... Steve McQueen, Christopher Plum and Dean Martin and Anthony Quinn, if I could plunge you on a desert island for the rest of your days with one of those leading men, who would you take?
Give me the five again.
Was winning the globe the best moment of your career?
One of the best moments, yeah.
Is it over already?
It's over.
How do you justify what you have done?
Well, I justified in the name of conservation.
Why not just give it to them?
Yeah.
Do you accept that as a starting point?
I accept as a starting place -- point in Namibia, that there are surplus of them and they are about to be taken off of the endangered species list, Piers.
Do you intend to do that?
I intend to take trophy photos of the animal in a respectful manner so I can remember it, so I can give it to the Namibian government -- to the Namibian people, and honor the animal as what it is.
Has it made you -- has their reaction, however, well-reasoned or unreasoned -- has the venom of the reaction and the amount of the reaction made you think twice about going through with this?
It hasn't made me think twice but, Piers, to be honest 100 percent, I had no idea that it would be this visceral.
Murder?
No.
What do you say when you're eating a steak, Piers?
Well, some things ...
Who is to blame?
Well, of course the secretary of state and ultimately the President of United States, and members of the State Department, and others who were involved in this really unusual set of circumstances that not only led to the deaths of these four brave Americans but the events afterwards which would basically a cover up.
And obviously, you know, you don't want to speak ill of a man who was killed in such appalling circumstances, but is it fair to also say that he as the Ambassador should have done more to react to direct warnings that he was given on numerous occasions?
Well, I think it's important to point out that he had asked for additional assistance.
Do you not accept that?
Of course, not.
I think that's a huge difference, don't you?
Well, in the Bridgegate as it turned out, may not have directly cost lives but it couldn't, I mean, we couldn't have been in the position ...
Mr. Mayor, how are you?
I'm good Piers.
How is he doing in this scandal, do you think, and what are the big pitfalls going ahead?
Well, I mean, there's only one big pitfall going ahead and that is, if his telling the truth, I believe that he is.
Why are Republicans supportive of Chris Christie whereas reserving the right to hammer Hillary Clinton for what many would argue is the same position politically?
Well, I think there's another very critical difference.
Have you spoken to him at all since this crisis unfold?
I have, yes.
What did you say to him?
That's between him and me.
What is your reaction to that?
The NRA is pretty strong and I think they can handle it.
How are you?
Well, I'm better than I deserved, Piers.
How are you?
I would share that view actually about myself.
Why is that?
Well, let's start with I'm not sure they know.
But how do you control it financially?
It's like a lot of other things.
You obviously agree with that?
Well, he's obviously very bright and can understand a lot of things.
What was it that Dave told you that really helped you do this?
He taught us how to communicate and how to budget.
What was it you were doing wrong, Ashley, as a couple that Dave corrected in your heads, enabled you to start really saving money?
Well, the shorter answer would be what we were doing right as a couple at that time.
When you looked at Chad and Ashley's story, what were the key issues that you felt needed to be very quickly remedied?
Well, I think Ashley touched on it.
Dave?
Well, we hear all the time that debit cards are not as safe as credit cards.
Myth or truth?
That would be a myth.
Myth or truth?
Well, that will be a myth unless you're going to be crazy or something.
But what is the single best thing about being debt-free, having spent so many years riddled with debt as a couple what would you say?
It's so much less stressful.
Ashley what would you say?
And to do what we're doing right now.
What would you both say to Dave Ramsey given he's been instrumental in wiping out this debt?
Oh man, he's our hero.
Can anybody just say that I have the best movies?
They could.
Why are you doing this and why do you care so passionately?
You know, it's funny, all the past school massacres and you know, I read about them in the newspaper, Columbine, Aurora, you know, we shield deeply for four or five days and then we get on with our lives, you know.
What more can you tell me about the movie and Meryl Streep's involvement?
Well, you know, first of all, all the people that are pro guns are mad at me.
Are you nervous about taking on the NRA?
No.
But does that worry you?
No, because I've seen now what happens.
Do you want to make any more movies glamorizing guns?
I don't think that, you know, I think -- I don't think you see a movie like "Lone Survivor", Peter Berg's movie.
Do you think that is a fair thing for people to stand behind that they have this constitutional right?
I mean, I would imagine that there's got to be some way of judging someone's mental capacity before they have a gun, you know, in Connecticut, it doesn't need to have a gun.
Why is that and what is he got to do?
Because he hasn't found.
You and Meryl?
Morgan and Meryl.
It's got a certain ring to it isn't it?
Don't ask me for first billing.
What does that tell us Harvey?
It just -- and look at the box office.
You have a hard life, don't you?
Yes.
You want to live with your father?
I can't.
Ma, is it him?
No, Randy.
That's a lovely -- or somebody have that?
NIDENTIFIED MALE: We're going to have to use your real name, Philomena.
What is your view about that allegation really that it makes the Catholic Church look bad deliberately?
When I started out, the only thing I started out was to find Anthony and to tell my story as it was -- as it happened completely having true story.
How did that make you feel when you discovered that?
I couldn't believe it.
Do you believe that is what happened?
Well, at that time I was only a young teenager.
What do you say to that?
Well Brent Bozell, Philomena was the one and mean a conservative columnist to, you know, accuse me of that.
You based it to everybody haven't -- don't you?
I don't ...
Are you taking Philomena to the Oscars?
I'm 100 percent.
How are you going to feel about that Philomena?
Oh I have to be -- I going to ...
How do you justify what you have done?
, PAID $350,000 TO HUNT AND KILL RARE BLACK RHINO: Well, I justified the name conservation, I justified in belief system and sustainable use.
John Jackson, you're supportive of Corey Knowlton, why?
This is what is all about.
Why do you -- why do people need to do that and why would you go along with that?
Hunters have a very special relationship with animals they pursue.
Are you comfortable with that?
I am.
Jeff Flocken, in terms of the validity of a hunter's right to hunt the black rhino particularly the elderly black rhino's who have no longer have breeding use and who would perhaps be killed anyway -- certainly it seems to be the suggestion that's not been disputed -- what is actually wrong in having it hunted in this particular way compared to any other way?
This is a case of critically endangered species being hunted for trophy.
But let me pick you up, Jeff Flocken, on that point if you remove the hunting this of the photographic memory stuff that goes on with social media and distinct to the actual killing of this black rhino which would probably be killed anyway, what is the sensible argument against it?
Well, first of all, there are scientists who can clearly dispute the need to kill endangered animal.
John Jackson, he's not buying it why is he wrong?
He is not the expert.
Will you pose for the picture with him when he's posing proudly by the dead rhino?
I will if he survives the encounter I'll congratulate him for knowing a rhino was only a hunter can do.
But would you pose with him for the picture if he asked you to?
I certainly would.
Patrick, what do you make in this?
The difficult thing he has is that people think this scandal fits him and what they know of him.
And you are a New Jersey resident?
I'm a proud Jersey resident.
What do you make of that?
I knew that President Clinton particularly had a lot of misgivings with my dad's moving towards an endorsement for then Senator Barack Obama.
What is the point of the book and what is the key thing that you want me to take away from that?
Well, that people that recover from this brain illness have a lot to give the world that more than just their sobriety.
In terms of the claim that people said it's the gateway to two other of the drugs, do you subscribe to that?
Well, first off, he said war on drugs was an abysmal failure and I worked in Congress to try to move to treatment and treat these issues as health issues, not criminal justice issues.
Who was talking about you?
Crabtree!
Rachel, before we get to your interview, which is a great coo for you and for CNN and what was your reaction when you are watching it live to what he did?
Well, actually we hear things like that all of the time so I was a bit surprised at the reaction that mushroomed out from what Richard Sherman said.
What do you not regret about all of that?
Well, there isn't much about that I regret.
is that the background of all this?
That's the short version of it.
Is that the clean version?
That's the -- and we're going to keep it clean.
Did it get nastier than that?
Well, I'm going to keep it clean.
How do you do it?
You have to have that switch.
Who was talking about you?
Crabtree.
Do you have a problem with depression?
Not often really.
Did you fight a lot as a kid?
Not everybody in Compton is a gang member.
Richard, have you gone downhill since college?
No.
Do you feel you're untouchable?
I'm not afraid of anything.
And that's what it's about, isn't it?
ICHOLS: Well, it's interesting you showed that advertisement.
Did you understand what he was doing?
Well, you know, it's really interesting because people are quick to judge and they don't know the back story.
Just to clarify, Carl, you know, Chris Christie personally said to you if you run, we're going to come after you?
Oh, absolutely he said that on the telephone call.
What is your reaction to that denial?
Well, that isn't really surprising.
Just as an overview, Carl, before I move to the others, do you think Chris Christie therefore is a bully as many are trying to portray him?
Well, you know, I actually I want to kind of get to what their comment was because the reality is that I was approved by judges and also the law judge, the Guadagno is the one who actually pulled me off the ballot twice.
You were as an athlete so I don't know why you didn't expect in the political route?
Wait a minute.
How do you see this playing out in the bigger picture for Chris Christie because a lot of concerns at the moment are refusing to put their heads over the parapet for him?
Well, look.
Ever met one of your victims?
I have not.
Why not?
No one just sought me out.
Why haven't you sought them out?
You know, I don't want to intrude anybody's life and, you know ...
And not just to that but to the interview as a whole?
I thought the interview was fascinating.
Am I madly?
I think you're mad.
Ben Ferguson, did you like the Wolf of Wall Street?
Yeah.
Why should it be different rules for a trader given that it seems to me like he was certainly pretty sincere with the remorse he showed?
Well I think that the difference in a lot of ways is the way you affect other people's lives.
Leigh, (inaudible) to get in there?
No one is saying this about Bernie Madoff.
He was?
Because I have no idea.
What?
... I mean it's been so much terror activity ...
Is it beards staying in the Sochi games?
No, she's shaving it.
IEIRA: Why do you even encourage?
I think he's very ...
Don't you think he looks good in that?
I'm not convinced by the beard.
Pretty extraordinary in the modern age, isn't it?
Yeah.
Is that accurate?
We have a lot of crazy laws in our country, yeah.
You do?
We already have.
How do you know that?
I watch CNN.
Richard, are you aware of your wife's key knowledge of the night life in Sochi?
More than you know.
Does that hurt (ph)?
No.
It was bloody painful if I'm honest with you, Richard, is it as painful as it looks?
Not at all.
How do you deal with that on an emotional level?
Well, I think you just accept it, you know, what is, what it is and I've never stopped fighting it and this stem cell trial is really a break with traditional therapies.
What frustrations are there for both of you about this ongoing relentlessly tedious process which is what it must be?
Well, that's part of the frustration that it is ongoing and tedious and you don't know from one day to the next what you're going to get and there are exacerbations.
So those who have opposed stem cell research, what do you say to them?
I'll say they're wrong.
You don't want to create other Richards?
Not really.
How did you eventually make that break?
I -- the pain in what I believe was heaven, got to the point that I was willing to down (ph) myself to hell to escape it.
ORGAN: In terms of the detail of your suffering, how bad was it?
My dad was sexually abusing me starting at about eight years old continuing on up into my teenage years -- begged for help.
How does that stigma make you feel?
The stigma of having a last name Jeffs -- it's kind of a double edged sword.
To actually have lived through it, how bad was it for you?
It was completely horrible.
When you talked together -- obviously, you worked together on this show "Escaping the Prophet," do you feel a bond with other people that have been through this that nobody else can really understand?
That's exactly the way you put it.
Flora, you both believed that the power of Warren Jeffs continues even from inside prison, is that right?
Yes.
In what way does it manifest itself?
Warren is still doing church services from his prison cell.
... inside prison?
Absolutely.
And was that part of the technique, Brandon, to keep everybody under control?
It was the scare tactic.
And the parallel is that you were just saying in the break there quite chillingly that part of being part of Jeffs' sect is that you're encouraged to believe that one day you will go and kill to achieve the second coming, right?
ESSOP: We are to become God's army.
Brandon, how many people are out there who are still disciples of Warren Jeffs, what he say?
Disciples of Warren Jeffs, I'd say there still about 10,000 plus.
And how many of those from your knowledge, from your instinct, would if it they came to it be capable of killing?
They would obey him blindly.
You think he still wheels the same power even though he's imprisoned?
I definitely still feel he wheels the exact same power because his word is god.
Flora, you got out, Brandon you got out, and to anyone who may be watching this who is part of this sect and completely brain washed even to the point of being murderous potentially, what do you say to them to trigger a different thought process that may make the break and escape?
You know, I want them to realize that their brain was not given to Warren Jeffs.
How are you?
Fine.
I should plug your book because otherwise there isn't any reason you have to come out, isn't it?
Yes.
How can you say that with a straight face?
I am a uniter.
Did you get the tweeted picture?
But finally it explodes.
Maybe I could've cared in there in a bit just calm things a bit and been less polarizing?
I was definitely too nice to Hillary Clinton.
But you never supported Chris Christie?
No.
I mean do you have feelings like Glenn Beck?
I just told you.
Are there any times you've gone too far?
No.
You don't think you've ever gone too far?
No.
But what do you say -- let's try to be serious for a moment, right?
I am being totally ...
... part of the problem, right?
I am not -- you're part of the problem.
I mean is it almost exactly the same thing, isn't it?
OULTER: Well, no.
What's your point?
My point is you're never going to get a scandal against the Democrat broken by MSNBC.
What do you think of the Chris Christie scandal so far?
I think it's the most boring scandal of my entire life.
... is not a very serious story?
That I am massively opposed to Chris Christie because he had his temporary sent an appointee, vote for amnesty.
Is that helpful to the GOP's chances of beating Hillary Clinton if she runs in 2016?
I don't think he was electable.
Thoughts?
I'm totally against the legalization of pot and not one of these it should be legal for adults but not for kid.
Which word isn't true in all that is said?
During -- well I'm going through it.
What isn't true?
First.
What part of the word he said is not true?
That ...
Or the fact that it's no more dangerous scientifically?
The incarceration figures is -- are ridiculous because 90 percent of those are plea bargain, they catch the guys with six kilos of heroin will plea bargain you down to pot.
Why do you keep saying that's untrue and not explain why?
And that -- well I keep trying to when you keep interrupting.
Are you intoxicated now?
I'm drunk right now.
Have you ever smoked pot?
Wait.
Have you ever smoked pot?
No, I haven't.
Never in your life?
Almost none of my friends have because their athletes.
How many potheads do you know?
And interrogate (ph) a lot of them -- well look potheads can still get the pot they're probably self medicating.
Why, why for commerce?
Because potheads are incapable of following simple instructions and getting a job done.
But would be mean by pothead?
Was when I move to a new place in California and there was a pool and the pool guy didn't, you know, I come back then it's four feet down it's color covered with green mold.
What do you mean by a pothead?
Everyone knows what a pothead is.
What is it mean?
Its' not smoking pot one time.
So how much are you assuming a pothead takes?
Enough.
So like a heavy drinker or a heavy smoker?
No heavy smokers work all night and then die young saving the Social Security System money.
You accept that people can overdose on too much alcohol?
Well, everything dies eventually.
Is he right?
Yeah.
You wouldn't take issue with that?
No.
So, you would rather they would chain smoking and heavy drinking?
I'm just saying, if you care about the productivity...
One cigarette or two?
Some people are addict.
That's hilarious but could we also point out that the first e-mail you read during the break was from your publicist telling you let her talk, huh?
She's from Texas.
Are you dissing the entire State of Texas right now?
I love Texas.
So what do you make of Harvey Weinstein making a stand against the NRA?
Does he know the NRA is not a person and cannot have been born.
What is wrong with people?
Yes, OK, give the money back.
Why would that make anything better?
Because it's utter hypocrisy otherwise.
Why?
You're absolutely 100 percent wrong.
How do you explain that you have similar percentages of a population who are believed to have some form of mental illness in the UK, in Australia, in Japan, in Germany, and yet because there is no availability of guns, they do not have the gun violence?
Look, people -- countries are different, demographics are different.
Ozzy, what are the moments for you to get back with Sabbath to have this album to come out?
It's been one of the most -- I'm producing all the years of my whole career.
What was the last meal you cook, Sharon?
Don't be ridiculous.
Pretty special, right?
It is special and its well-deserved too, you know, my goodness and they've all paid their dues over and over and over again.
What went on there Ozzy?
Well ...
How did you feel when you watched that Ozzy?
Well, it's out of my control.
Did you fear that this might end the marriage?
It was more hurt.
Do you think you'll be able to avoid falling off the rails again?
I can't say -- I can't ...
Or this is going to live with you forever, do you think?
I cannot say yes and I can't say no because it's cunning, powerful, and bad because my head will say, "Gone.
How did you were back?
Well, It was very difficult, she was really upset with me, you know, and I don't blame her.
What was that?
Ozzy came around to have a talk at the hotel that I was staying at and I told him -- no, I was like.
What was the moment for you Sharon when you thought, "I'm going to take him back"?
You know what, it's -- you put up this front because it's what you should do.
What's going on with young Mr. Bieber?
You know, I think that some of it is just his age.
I mean it's just incredible that he did so well, right?
We did the quivering myth.
But Kelly is like a mini me, isn't she really?
She is.
Are you going to carry on new gadgets and stones in the '70s?
It's up in the air.
I'm going for it but what we all doing we're going to do a tour of -- where am I?
Oh my gosh, you're going everywhere.
You still get on together as family?
It was great better than ever.
As a huge Beatles fan, what do you think of that?
I think it's great.
Amazing isn't it?
But I can remember the first time I heard "She Loves You", I was looking in -- my when I listened and I asked him with the transistor and I heard "She Loves You".
That's great song, didn't it?
Amazing.
How do you feel about this extraordinary mayhem erupting around you, your story, this movie?
Well, it's a bit surreal for sure because, I mean, I think controversial more than notorious.
What is the real message you want to get out?
Well, I mean, I guess for me, I -- it's important that the movie is viewed the right way certainly as a cautionary tale.
And what did make you feel like to see DiCaprio do that?
It was amazing.
How much time did you spend with Leo DiCaprio?
I spent a lot.
Like what?
You know, countless hours, you know, hundreds of hours.
Hundreds of hours in his company?
Yeah, or hundred plus hours.
And how did you find him and how did he find you when you were just interacting together?
Oh, either, you know, by telephone in my house or his house or out somewhere.
When you watched the movie, what did you feel about the reality because only you would know really?
You know it was shocking.
In a good or bad way?
In a -- in a good way.
A female employee shaved her head for $10,000 in front of the paying morbid (ph) stuff, true?
True.
To get breast implant, she shaved her head for $10,000?
Yes, yes and if they -- I guess that the philosophy was, you know, her hair will grow back and then it would all be perfect in six months.
$50?
Well, you become numb and that's what happened with insanity and all the sort of stuff that you do where what seems amazing at first becomes complex after a while.
Did that happen?
I wasn't there at that time.
But you heard it happened?
After I left, yes, yes.
Your number two portrayed in the movie by Jonah Hill ate a live goldfish that belong to a Sratton Oakmont, the firm employee, did that happen?
It happened.
You saw him do that?
Yeah.
So the real-life guy is who really?
It's a guy named Danny.
But did Danny eat the goldfish?
He ate the goldfish though, yes, and he has publicly admitted that and ...
It kind of nadir (ph) of croaking (ph) excess, doesn't it?
Yeah.
It's about who can go the furthest?
I think it -- I think that sort of behavior isn't just endemic to Wall Street.
Did you have a chimpanzee in the office handing out mail?
Not mail because they have like -- people had pets in the office.
You kind of thinking this is perfectly normal?
ELFORT: I don't know.
Can you give me a clue?
It had to do with in act of sexual deprave view.
Do you?
No.
Well, how would you categorize it?
A bit of embarrassment, and you know, putting on brave face maybe.
Do you feel shame?
Not -- it's not -- shame is the wrong word.
When was it you realized you have this ability to sell?
The first time is -- it really started in the meat business.
They want a dental school and you bail?
Yeah, I bailed.
Because I have apparently guys and you couldn't make -- you couldn't rich too, right?
I, yeah -- I've really, you know, I always want to be rich.
You actually made yourself bankrupt?
Yeah.
Do you think you missed this?
And I'm like, "This is it.
When you say over meaning was it -- didn't the firm went on?
Yes, the firm.
They cure cancer?
Besides they cure cancer that's the problem.
And what do you realize in that moment?
Well, you know, one of the important distinctions I think is the people to know you, especially young people, is that in the movie when I walk into the firm and I get my first look at it, and I sit down.
Is that what happened in real life?
No, not quite.
When did you realize it wasn't what it seemed?
About two -- I would say about a month in -- I totally got what's going on.
And is that the ethical moment for you when you crossed the line?
It was -- there was a series of moments.
When it became as big firm, Stratton Oakmont, and you were making millions and millions and millions, how much of it do you think -- looking back of it, and be completely honest here because you have been about many things, how much of it was legal and how much of it was illegal?
I would say 90 percent was legal in terms of the data it operates, 95 probably, but the five percent was incredibly destructive, and disgusting, and poisoned, everything else.
And you knew that was all happening?
Absolutely.
Why did you become this art criminal?
Well, I think that what happened was is that when you get into this section of Wall Street, it's very easy just sort of rationalizing what you're doing and I rationalized each of my actions one step at a time.
And what's the easy answer?
Is that they didn't do it.
Did you lose your soul completely?
You know, I think that's -- it's hard to say because I think that I got to a point in my life where I was probably about as awful as a person as I was capable of being and still walking around.
Are you surprised more people in Wall Street haven't gone to prison since the financial crash that we all went through?
Yeah.
As of now, you've paid back how much?
About 12.
Do you have any expectation or hope you'll ever get to pay them all back?
Yeah.
Is that not right anymore?
That's not right.
Was there ever the case?
Yes, for I was on probation.
But are you continuing to do that?
I'm giving 100 percent of both books, everything, and the movie.
Why is that not true?
Because we we're calling rich people.
What?
That you were deliberately...
Well, some of them did, right?
I don't know anyone who lost their life savings.
... in some cases, having their lives completely turned upside down?
I think it's terrible.
Have you met one of your victims?
I have not.
Why not?
No one just sought me out.
Why haven't you sought them out?
You know, I don't want to intrude anybody's life and you know...
But have you ever seen them as human beings or it's part of the issue with the kind of culture that we see in the movie that actually in the end you become suddenly dehumanized?
Oh Piers, I think it's a very good point you're bringing up.
If I found a few of your victims, would you come and see them?
If you found them, oh yeah, sure I would.
Is that what you're saying?
Possibly.
What about somebody losing half their life savings like the guy I read out, Peter Springsteel?
Well, again I..
My parents?
Yeah.
What else did she say to you?
No judgment.
Really?
No.
No criticism?
Absolutely.
Your father, what did he say?
Similar.
How best to deal with the feelings you may have of the old Jordan Belfort?
You know it's -- I think for me I'm in a place in my life right now where my -- the business I'm in right now where I go around the world doing seminars, and sales training, and motivations, stuff like that, and entrepreneurship -- I know in my heart that what I'm doing is pure and it's great and it's empowering.
And as scene in the movie, this memorable scene where Leo DiCaprio taking too many quellos (ph) and just basically disintegrating before our very eyes which happened, right?
An incredible acting.
Was it the balloon going up, being arrested, was it the court case, was it going to prison, was it the first night in prison, what was the absolute lowest moment for you?
I think the lowest moment for me was not getting arrested.
Bad father?
I know I was an amazing father and I'm proud of that.
Always an amazing father?
Oh, I mean listen I had a -- I got sober when my daughter was three and my son was one.
What's your relationship with them like now?
I was really, really close.
What did they think of the movie?
It was -- and it's good question.
Did you hit her at all?
Well, we had a struggle on the stairs.
When you took your ex-wife and your kid to the cinema to watch the movie, you're about to finish that story, how did they feel?
Obviously, I mean look my children have seen me come back from jail and all that to build this new life.
A tweet here from Sam Gustin in Time Magazine, a critical unanswered question comment on depiction that he remained on SCC deal, why do you that if true?
It's not true.
But it wasn't about that?
It changed -- it wasn't like that really.
Did you feel guilt about all the people he went to prison because you basically wiped yourself up and ratted on him?
Not Steve Madden at all.
Have you spoken to him since?
I haven't.
How do you feel about that now?
It's a good question and there's two sides to that coin because, you know, what do you -- the part of that says, "Well, I'm supposed to do the right thing and be an upstanding citizen and as crimes committed I should help bring those people to justice."
Could you do the same again?
I think the way I split that was in the movie.
No regrets?
It's not that I don't have regrets, of course I have regrets about it but I think I made -- I know that I made the right decision morally and unethically.
So the best thing to say is I would say to you, "Piers, how long have you been in the market for a pen?
I'm on the pen for three months.
I see you're looking for a pen for three months now?
Yes.
And what type of pens do you typically use when you use a pen?
I like a nice easy to use ballpoint pen or something.
Because you were appointed by President Obama's administration to go and represent the country and a few days later, you came out, what do you make about this whole issue down there of the way they treat homosexuals?
Well, you know, when I competed at a very young age with Russians, it was illegal for them to be homosexual.
When you were asked to go and represent your country, by your President to do this, did you have any qualms at all about going there, knowing what the reception is likely to be?
I did.
If you did, what would you say to him?
OITANO: I would probably say it's a privilege to be here as a guest in your country.
Is it advisable to do that to provoke the beast if you like so publicly?
Well, first of all, I think that the athletes who go over there, they have a task at hand.
Are you worried about the athlete security?
You know, I think everybody is worried about security but I do think that it's the first priority.
On a personal level, coming out at 50, I think it was when you did quite recently I mean how did that feel for you?
It was difficult.
How would you describe it?
Well, I was pleasantly surprised by the reaction but I wasn't relieved, I wasn't relieved.
... rather than a great American athlete?
That's a good point because everybody wants to be known their accomplishments and being gay is one aspect of who I am, you know, I am son, I'm a brother, I'm a cook, I'm everything, I'm an athlete.
It doesn't get better than that, isn't it Brian?
It's pretty amazing and it sort of opened my whole demographic up to a lot younger generation.'
Your new project is called the Boitano Project?
Yes.
That's kind of a makeover show, is it?
Yeah, it is but I found my great, great grandfather's house in a village where every Boitano came from and I bought it from 20 Boitano's and I renovated it so that I can have my family go there.
Why my name is involved and what you have to achieve?
Well, the act itself like you said it would actually just allow people to carry a firearm without a permit.
What's it got to do with me?
... secure that.
And what is your point about the second amendment?
It's a constitutional right that we have that is in shrine.
Look, do you know what this is?
Absolutely.
What is it?
It's Kinder surprise egg.
Would you describe it?
Well, it depends.
Do you know why they're illegal?
Because the government has interfered and is trying to protect us from ourselves.
Well, what is the irony?
Well, look, I'm not allowed to eat a chocolate egg in America, it's illegal.
And I can go and buy 2,360 different types of guns?
The federal government has become very ...
Does that strike you as strange?
It does indeed.
So you went battleheart (ph) with me to save the Kinder egg for the American people?
I love the Kinder eggs.
What do you think more lives will be saved by flooding the streets with more guns?
Well, this won't flood the streets with more guns.
You would -- just to clarify, you want everyone in Oklahoma to have the right to just carry guns, anywhere they wish, right?
Correct.
... but therefore, you would like more guns on the streets?
I think that the more people that carry guns, yes.
Do you really believe that, Senator?
Absolutely.
You really believe that -- presumably of the ultimate, your utopia is that every American wanders around the streets of America armed and that makes it safer?
No, because I'm not going to force anyone to violate what they don't want to do.
Would you support an assault weapons back?
No, I would not.
Would you support universal background checks?
I would not support any of the -- the propositions that they have presented or that you have presented, but you are more than willing to present those solutions as a constitutional amendment just to propose them as a law or as an executive order will not work.
What is your argument against knowing whether somebody about to buy gun is mentally insane and can be proven to be mentally insane or is a criminal or has a criminal record, why would you not want to know that?
Because the constitution has currently stated that's currently written says, "The right to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."
Even if you're mentally insane or criminal?
If you want to amend and change the constitution, there's a way to do that and it's through the amendment process.
But how do you -- how do you do -- have you been check if they're mentally insane?
What we need to address the mental health first.
How do you tackle that if you don't even want to check if they're mentally insane?
Well, if you want to talk about mental health issues, I mean, and if you think that the government is somehow going to protect American citizens against mental health, our government has dropped the ball even on our troops...
You don't want to have any background checks on guns or whatsoever, right?
Correct.
Is your constitutional God-given right to not have any checks?
We are innocent until proven guilty in America.
Well, you're very concerned about mental health being a problem and not the gun, right?
Mental health is the root of the problem...
Now, explain to me why that in itself is not completely insane?
First of all, that's not what I said Piers.
What is it?
... I was saying that...
What is?
... in regards to mental health...
What is the number one contributor factor of gun violence?
I can answer that one...
Now, if you want I can answer the previous question or this last three that you thrown out at me?
The floor is yours senator.
AHM: ... in this instance, so what's the next solution?
Right.
What else could it possibly be?
Well, like I said, I mean, if you want things to be...
What is the key contributing factor to gun violence and gun death in America if it's not guns or mental health issues?
It is a sin nature in mankind.
Yes, how would that be an answer?
Because then law abiding citizens, good guys would be able protect themselves from bad guys.
Well, I realized that you have also mentioned in your book and then many writings that you want to ban assault weapons in America but not handguns, is that correct?
Well, I think assault weapons are good stuff.
But you do want to ban handguns as well?
I'm going to find a gun's full stop (ph).
And shotguns?
Well, on this time, more people want guns for hunting.
Do you agree with him that his son's right to his life should supersede the right of an American to own a military style assault weapon of high capacity magazine?
I believe that his son has his right to life and it's very sad news (ph) that there was not somebody there to protect his son.
Is his son's right to life more important than an American's right to own a military style assault weapon and high capacity of magazine as he said?
See, the problem...
Yes or no?
The problem here Piers is that...
Would you agree with him or not?
You don't understand what rights are, you, yourself said, just a moment ago, that you're fine with people having...
Do you agree with him or do you not agree with him?
I believe that both of them should and could co-exist.
In other word, you get a Second Amendment?
Yes.
Gun?
A well-regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state.
Where does the well-regulated militia part come into this?
So, you would say that's it would be fine for militia members and maybe military police to own AK-47...
What part of that constitutes for the founding fathers in your constitution describes as a well-regulated militia?
Well -- just to clarify again, you are fine with militia members owning AR-15s.
Did you think that most Oklahomans agree with you?
I believe so.
Who was talking about you?
Crabtree.
And what kind of adversity do you think he has overcome to get where he has?
Well, you know, it was tough.
Talk me through some of those rules and why you think perhaps, at the heart of all these is parental responsibility?
Well, you know, now that I'm a parent, myself, I totally understand everything that our parent put us through, you know.
But what was your impression when you heard him react like that?
Well my impression was -- the first thing I said to my brother I said, "Bro I love you man.
Ben, how are you?
Good evening Piers.
I don't think there's ever been such an incredible fast speed domination of the American music chart in history, is it?
I believe you're right about that, Piers.
Let's just say, a cacophony noise, isn't it?
Well, yes.
Is this is the same were in Miller?
Yes it is.
... question go ask?
... it's interesting that you asked that.
I do find what's happened down there quite fascinating because - with serious question I think should be asked now of the police and their behavior over this shouldn't it?
Well, you've got a DUI allegation, you're talking about a breath reading that's under the legal limit which is 0.02.
Is there a serious risk here of Bieber being deported?
Well, if Justin Bieber is sort of a criminal light right now.
And how did it all go?
I don't have anything to compare it to but he called 911 and the operator was very helpful just to kind of walk him through how -- I mean that they sure they -- just what exactly to do.
Did you feel like it was unproblematic in the end despite the terrible situation?
It was sheer blessing that everything went well, the girl was healthy and doing great.
Who is ultimately responsible?
Well, in my case, I mean I don't know Atlanta and the jurisdiction there.
Well, and also I found -- what do I found with gun control?
Well, let's see, you have mentioned ...
Can he?
No he can't.
... do the things he's saying?
... half of it will get challenged in the courts, half of it will get all returned as being executive overreach.
Can any President in his position right now really achieve a great deal more in the rest of his second term?
Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton did.
But what can he do about gun control saying without Congress?
He can do more -- he can do more enforcement on the justice department.
Well, it's to do deal, right?
But I have to give away somethings that my constituents my not like.
It's the art of doing a political deal, isn't it?
Yeah.
But he is not prioritizing gun control, is he?
Not prioritizing anything.
Does New York politics meets New York media?
I know Michael, really (ph).
Have you ever threaten to throw a reporter over balcony?
I don't think I've ever threatened.
I'm not -- I couldn't you imagine you possibly doing that Rudy?
Well, I hope I ever did.
And it was a moment of real unity I felt last night, wasn't it?
Yeah.
Who's going to win the Super Bowl?
I think Denver.
...I guess of an innocence about it?
When I turn.
Is that inevitable when two of your brothers are twins?
I think we became disconnected about 12 years ago and then when we lost him, Mau, Robin and I gravitated back towards each other a little bit and it's always been twins and the older brother.
Is it the precious outside forces of fame and so on?
It's, I guess, its' the difference between being a group and being brothers in a group or being sisters in a group, you know.
Why that one?
Because it's really about lost love in all young people.
Why did you marry her?
Well, we met on the set of Top of the Pops when "Massachusetts" was number one and then we had a cup of tea in the canteen of the BBC and then we had a couple in -- and (inaudible) and time stood still.
And how do you manage that because -- and so, this is so listed with broken marriages, how have you managed to sustain such a lasting love do you think?
Because I think we've just always been in love.
You've never looked to anyone else since she's always in love with you?
Well, I think we've both loved.
Hard to watch, why?
Because I hate looking at myself with different ages.
And how's the -- how's your voice on that, I mean, how is it compared to what it used to be?
It's OK.
Did people expect you to talk about that?
Yes.
Did you and the Beatles hang out much or not?
Not really.
Your brother Andy?
Yeah.
Is that part of the progress?
Yes.
What would be your favorite memory or perhaps the big times with your brothers, not the early days (ph)?
Yeah, being around the microphone together.
What you would like the Bee Gees to stand forward to be remembered for, what do you think?
A song writing, beyond anything else and harmonies, you know, there was no great approach.
So, you sang it?
I was the Dolly role.
But you're wearing costume?
I was not in costume.
Joe, how are you?
Piers, I'm sensational.
What was going on that made you think, "Some thing's not right here"?
This whole issue that's been going on for the last couple of years, you know ...
You were disconcerted after all that hitting?
Not that I might know it.
So when they discovered that you had gotten these brain cells which slowed down or being killed off, how would you describe that?
I wouldn't say killed off because through the process that I've experienced, they regenerate it.
And do you personally feel better for this treatment?
You know, I was feeling pretty good ahead of time before ...
What game?
Oh dear, it's even worse than I thought.
Who's going to win?
I wish I knew.
Should it make any difference to a great player whether it's a little bit cold or warm?
Maybe not the temperature when you a little bit cold.
What's your gut reaction to that?
My gut reaction is, "Oh man, you know, that's not cool."
But you weren't even favorites, right?
We were 17 and 19 point underdog ...
What do you think?
My money's going to be in my pocket to use at the grocery store, man.
Do you resent the fact you had to pay for a drink and a meal in the city?
No.
Are you sure?
I think I can say that with some qualification, it will not be snowing.
How do you deal with issues like that on the peripheral (ph) of the actual game?
PRESIDENT & CEO, NY/NJ SUPER BOWL HOST COMMITTEE: Well, exactly how much of that really is myth versus reality.
But does that carry with it a responsibility to always conduct themselves to the best possible level?
Yeah, I mean I think that there has to be a code of conduct.
Jon?
But this is the media fanning an issue because it sells newspapers and it gets people to watch TV.
Are you blaming me jobless?
No, not you personally, no.
What is that thing you really want to talk?
Yeah, I like to see just, just speaking for me, I think everybody has got their point of view.
Finally, just very quickly, one word answer or two word answers, who is going to win?
The team with the most points.
Woody?
Right.
Where's your money at?
Well, it's hard to get a bet against Peyton.
Who are you rooting for?
Of course the Seahawks just because he wants to (inaudible).
Dan, how are you?
Hi Piers.
And let's talk about the game on Sunday, who's going to win?
Well, you know, I think it's going to be a close game because these two teams -- and the match up I look at is Peyton Manning having the great year's offense -- number one offense in league, number one defense in Seattle.
However, I do know this, I know this Peyton Manning is massive like you and Russell Wilson, his quarterback opponent, is a tiny guy by comparison, right, by the look?
Right.
How much does that come into play in a Super Bowl if it's all (ph)?
Well, I think first all is the experience.
You know, this could be the great swan song or it could be a bit of a dance group for him, couldn't it?
You know, I think he's going to continue to play either way.
You did?
Yes, in London, yes.
But, how do you feel about never having won a Super Bowl?
You know what...
You sit in your cabin -- low cabin at night and go what the hell happened?
I'll tell you what it does affect me though, is when I watch the Super Bowl, you know, I feel -- I looked at it and after the game is over and someone's holding up the trophies and I say, you know, I never had that feeling.
Do you actually start saying Hail Mary?
That's what the players called.
Really?
It was really, really important, you know, but that's what the play -- the play was called.
Is he being a bit of a wusser (ph)?
I'm not going to answer that.
Could you (inaudible) a lot of that?
I wasn't...
Curt, how are you?
Good to see you.
Do you agree with it?
No.
More importantly where is Bruno Mars going to rank in the pantheon of great half time acts (ph)?
I think Bruno Mars -- and I'm not joking about this, will be brilliant.
Are you (inaudible) to your opera, Curt?
I've been to the opera.
You do?
Because as much as you can seat up close...
You face the (inaudible) and look at women's legs, huh?
No, men too.
Really?
Yeah.
How are you?
I'm good.
You have grossed -- do you know of this, in 10 movies, you have grossed worldwide box office takings of $1.5 billion?
I didn't know.
How do you think he's doing since we last met?
You know, I love -- I love the president and I think he's doing good.
Are you a football man?
And, you know, I like football.
Who's your team?
You know what, I don't have a team, team but I like individual the players.
Did you ever play?
I played but I broke both of my wrists in practice.
Really?
Yeah, man.
Who was talking about you?
Mr. Crabtree.
Isn't that why we watch football for characters to show passion?
Yeah, you know, I guess he was in a moment because I think he's a great guy but that's a -- I think he -- he apologized and went there -- he probably went home and saw that and like "Oh, that was too much."
And what do you think of Justin Bieber's problems alone?
Well, you know, I met Justin a few times and he's a great kid.
What advice do you give him about the real world of pitfalls certainly given the famous dad and so on?
Well, you know, I'll tell him, you know, I try to tell him that he could tell me anything and we could talk about anything because I know he's going to go through, you know, all the stuff that I've been through but I want him to handle it well, you know.
Is fame cloud a corrosive drug in your experience?
It's different.
I'll tell you a speech on the State of the Union and how it applies to you personally, Chris Tucker?
OK.
Do you think Barack Obama, being president, for five odd years now, did he made America more or less racist having its first black president?
You know what, I don't know, I don't know but I know he's such - he's doing such a good job to me because I think he's - because he does more - he does what he could do as president but now, he just have some morals in some certain things he stand for.
Do you think he's found that the problem of being president is it's very hard to get the stuff you really want done done?
Yeah.
And you're in a war zone everyday?
Yeah.
Do you remember working at Burger King?
I remember doing -- yeah, cleaning at night.
Who is the funniest person you've ever seen?
Funniest person I ever seen was -- you know, my family is funny but with far as entertainment, you know, Richard Pryor, Eddie Murphy.
Do you agree with that prediction?
It might be true, you know.
What do you think the movie industry reaction is to this?
Well, it's just tragic.
ROFT, 60 MINUTES CORRESPONDENT: So this was drugs or alcohol or both?
Yes, all that stuff, yes.
And why did you decide to stop?
You panic, you panic.
What was he like as a man, for people who didn't know Philip Seymour Hoffman?
He was a very private man, you know.
As an actor, what made him so special?
I think actors, I mean he opened up to them actually, as private as he was, he opened up to his peers.
What do you think of these claims and charges from Dylan Farrow?
Well, first of all, I've known Woody for a really long time.
What would you say to that?
Correct.
I'm getting through to you?
Yes.
Is that right?
Right.
So, there's never anything illegal about it?
Not at all.
Why do you think that Mia Farrow is helping her daughter and she's been backed by her son Ronan and (inaudible), why do you think they're going through all of this if they had simply all invented it?
Yeah.
So, you personally have no issue with what he did?
Oh no, no, no, not at all.
What exactly did she asked you to do?
Well, it wasn't Mia herself.
What is your recollection at that period because that seems to be the crucial element really of -- everything has blown up again this week?
Well, I recollected very well, I wrote about it, I have a chapter in my book, "Taking the Stand" about the case, and I went back and read all the transcripts in order to prepare for writing the books.
So did you believed her at that time when she told you about the abuse allegations involving Dylan?
I had no reason to disbelieve.
Is it still possible for Woody Allen to face any charges or has statute limitations now expired in this particular kind of case?
Statute limitation is almost certainly expired.
Why do you believe them?
Well, first let me just point about Allan Dershowitz, that he is a lawyer here.
That's not in dispute, either but the two facts I wanted to put here just ask you your impression really is when -- is there any way of assessing the character of Woody Allen when you take that fact and you take the fact that Allen to be somebody who's now having an affair with when he was 42 and he found this girl, 17, on the set of one of his movies and so you (inaudible) with her?
OK.
When you put them both together, is it inappropriate enough?
No.
Do you think there is something wrong with (inaudible)?
But you're doing this wrong because what you're saying is that this is a man who had -- had a relationship that you might call inappropriate, not illegal and therefore, then this is the leap that you're making here whether you're saying it or not, therefore, it's likely he molested a seven-year old.
Have you ever been attracted to an 18-year-old woman?
Michael, I'm in a bizarre -- Michael, I'm in this composition of...
Have you ever been?
... having to jump in an answer a question on my own show.
... who knows?
Some would say a lot of...
But what I was saying is because you don't know that it didn't happen either, do you, in the same position as me?
You know, Piers, I don't know that you haven't molested someone.
What should we make of this?
LOOM: Well, first of all, I've never met anybody in this case.
Any thoughts?
Yeah.
Where were you when you heard the news and what was your reaction?
I woke up in my -- I live in Topanga Canyon in California and I woke up and unfortunately I heard it on Facebook.
You take drugs?
No.
How have you managed to do that and why do you think Philip in the end was unable to battle those demons successfully?
I don't know, I mean it's a hard question to ask me because I've never gone through that.
Do you understand that pressure and do you think that certain types of addicted personalities succumb perhaps to that particular pressure that comes with performing?
Yeah, absolutely.
Why that scene?
Well, my friends and I really, really love this movie and we had -- since I worked on "Almost Famous" with Philip I started to kind of realize what an incredible, like you said, character actor he was.
How would you like him to be remembered?
UGIT: Well, the way I remember him is that strength of professionalism and that strength of character.
Do you think like many, many people that work with Philip Seymour Hoffman that your own acting significantly improve through the process of just being in the same room as him?
Yeah, absolutely.
It's a bloody waste, isn't it?
It is.
When's that out?
Apparently later this year, fall.
Do you feel that the public opinion towards scandals like this is slightly worked by the celebrity element and it was different to how it would be if there was no celebrity involved?
I think there's a lot more opinion if there's a celebrity, not necessarily one way or the other, just a lot more emotion, more opinion all the way around.
What do you make of the Woody Allen scandals, what's your personal opinion?
I just think it's, you know, I feel like it's sad to see this family go through this.
You're on view of Polanski over the years appears to have softened slightly in the sense that you -- I don't know, is it too far to say you've forgiven him or you are just less angry about it?
I have forgiven him.
What do you feel about the fact that Roman Polanski just fled the country and has never actually had to face justice for what happened to you?
Well, he wasn't facing justice.
Tell me, do you see a certain irony in that?
I see a big irony in that because, you know, I have no hard feelings against any of his famous friends, who wrote those letters, couldn't believed what he did, and we're standing up for someone they cared about.
What was your reaction when you read it?
I was surprised and happy he sent it.
What advice would you give?
Well, my advice would first be, this is a really serious matter and bringing it up on Twitter is probably not the best idea.
At what point did you change your name?
I think from -- it was a series of little-bitty stuffs which I do detailed in the book.
But when you began wearing the girl's clothes at school, was that when you began calling yourself Janet or was it after you had the operation when you're 18?
It was way before that.
So I'm seeing a bit of Janet and a bit of Beyonce, especially with the hair?
Oh, I live for Beyonce.
Well, that was a big step and a long journey, right?
Right.
Was there a moment, was it immediately afterwards or was it a month, a year?
I think it actually came before it.
When you first got to New York City, what was that to you after all you've been through to get to this thriving harbor (ph) of all types of people?
I think New York was a part -- the third part of my dream.
When you have told these men the news, did some of them run in wild, did others surprised you but being very supportive, I mean, how did men react?
They were all very mixed.
How did he react?
It was a -- it was a pivotal moment.
Would you like to get married?
Yeah, I would, you know, one day, yes.
There's a time he questioned you?
Not yet.
Somebody's watching here who might be like a young Charles and still feel they can't go through with this that feel desperate, they want to be woman, what's the best advice you would give them?
I think the hardest battle that any of us can fight as E.E. Cummings says is the battle of being ourselves in a world that tells us that we are wrong, that we should be silence and that we shouldn't be ourselves.
When you're seeing issues like gay marriage, in particular, moving very fast in America, it's possible that many people imagined was possible, what does that tell you about modern America and its ability, perhaps, to become much more accepting and tolerant than may have been even 20 years ago?
I think that that movement has been going on for a very long time.
Who is responsible for this massive snow storm raging across America, God or Science?
Actually, you know, the Bible tells us the whole creation is running down because man's fool and then so we do have extremes in weather patters today.
I mean, did you learn anything which was even remotely persuasive to you that maybe you're barking up the wrong tree about this whole global warming business?
No and let me say just inherent in Mr. Ham's and so first of all, it was very respectful evening.
If there's even 1 percent chance that it does exist and given the 80 percent of scientist often keep does or want to say the chance is a much higher, but even if you believe your version and it's all a load of hoeey, is it really helpful to anybody to be just take a risk and do nothing?
By the way, I just want to say to Bill, too, that, you know, some of the catastrophic things that happen and the terrible things that happened in the world even death, in fact that we die, is because of the fall and not because of the flood but, you know, first of all, you know, the debate tonight was not about global warming, it wasn't about climate change.
Well, what do you believe in?
I didn't tell you what I believe about global warming.
Did you believe Ken, do you believe as I'm led to believe you believe that dinosaurs and man coexisted?
Actually, based on the Bible, I believe that all the land animals are made on day 6 and Adam and Eve were made on day 6 and, you know, people try to make fun of us believing that we believe that dinosaurs live with people but there's a lot of animals alive today that according to evolutions has lived with dinosaurs and some of them like crocodiles and for instance horseshoe crabs supposedly evolve before dinosaurs may live today with people.
Are you suggesting that man existed 17 million years ago?
No, I'm not saying 17 million years and you said you find dinosaur bones with the labels on them, you know.
How can there be like from stars that are more than 6,000 light years away and so on?
And we had some of these things in the debate as, you know, and, you know, even looking a tree rings, you have to make assumptions, was it one-year, two-year or whatever and even matching up different trees has assumptions involved in how they match those rings together and I said --
Why you seem quite happy with it afterwards, why you then felt the need to tweet quite hostile tweets in my direction which then sparked this furor amongst the transgender community because I feel pretty peeved about it?
Well, I'm sorry that you feel offended.
What did I do wrong?
You called -- so before commercial break, we had a lovely conversation and then all of a sudden you said, who was formerly a man.
Why you didn't correct me?
I did not because I was scared.
Did you feel that strongly?
OCK: I did not because ...
Scared of what?
... I was fair and I want it to be a cordial guess ...
Scared of what?
... and I think that that was probably incorrect of me.
To become a real woman as you say in the book, why is it offensive?
I think that we need to have a discussion about what gender is.
OK, can I ask mine first then you can ask yours?
OK.
What did you make of the second interview, the general debate about what I've had with Janet Mock?
You know, I watched her from the green room.
And if you sit down with your American pie charts of culture diversity in the country and divide up your humor quote "up in the show" in a very specific kind of scientific PC (ph) pleasing way, I got his point that in the end, you're drifting away from what humor should be which is just spontaneous funny stuff because it really matter, does it?
All right.
And what do we make of this Ben Ferguson?
Well, I think two three things.
I think it's sad that we still hail woody Allen in the midst of all these mess?
I agree.
So a pretty serious warning tonight about the threat from toothpastes and cosmetic tubes, generally, of flights to Russia during the Sochi games, what do you make of the threat that was revealed?
Well, I think it's part of the general feeling about this Olympics that the Russians have probably done a good job of protecting the inside of the Olympics, you know, within the Olympic compound.
Would you feel comfortable going there now as a visitor?
First of all, I think Peter's right.
... heroine use is on the rise?
I go back dealing with drug, drug crime, drug rehabilitation 'till the 1970's when I was head of the Narcotics Division in the U.S. Attorney's Office when I was like 26 years old.
Has the reality been better or worst than you feared or expected?
It's been much better than I ever imagined it could be.
Want to elaborate on his jerkiness?
Sure.
How seriously should we be taking it?
Well, I mean if you talk to Russian officials they insist that this is going to be the safest winter games ever.
What do you think?
So far so good.
Are you psyched?
Yes.
Does that stress you out?
Yesterday, we were doing processing and then we were traveling all morning.
Yeah?
AIA SHIBUTAN: Yeah.
And any message you want to send back home?
You know, hey everyone we're in Sochi.
I mean you've covered many events on your time, do you fell reasonably secure?
I have to say yes.
Piers?
Ivan Watson, thank you very much indeed.
Bob, if you were involved in the counterterrorist operation here, what would your biggest worry be now?
Airplanes, absolutely.
Is that indicative to your mind that they are really expecting something to happen or that is being ultra cautious?
I think they are serious about this.
I mean this is clearly something they're going to be serious about it, isn't it?
AER: Absolutely.
Winston, how are you?
I'm doing great, Piers.
Do you have any chance of getting a medal, do you think?
Piers, I never like to tell the world what the Jamaican team go to do.
Do you slightly resent the fact that people don't perhaps give you the credit and the respect you guys deserve?
Yes they do give us the respect of course because we're from a tropical country.
And if it doesn't turn up, what will you do?
What we do, we have lots of people here who loved us, you know, everyone here in the village they have -- there were so, you know, the polite for us, want to lend us uniforms, stuff like that and I'm -- for our uniform our baggage was left back in New York because our flight was delayed and because they had bad weather in New York and we have to reroute it to -- well in JFK we should have landed and we have to rerouted to Philadelphia.
Has he been in touched to wish you guys luck?
I've yet to hear from Usain.
Seriously, what are you going to do?
I am going to run for governor for the state of California.
Is it simply jealousy that he's been number one for two decades?
Yes, that's what it is.
Yeah, he tried to be funny for everyone, he lost that edge deliberately, where is the truth?
Jay, you know, this shows they're difficult, you know, you run a show.
That the guy is still number one in the ratings?
Yes.
Why don't we (inaudible) and start over again?
Let me -- arguably, the most -- one of the most successful stand ups in the history of ...
Now, Mr. Grady (ph), for fun getaways, where can you get the best bang for your buck?
Beats me.
Which was always his most important thing?
Yeah.
So that's your excuse?
Let's talk quickly about the Conan O'Brien Debacle (inaudible).
Am I wrong was he blamed?
Yes.
Why?
I mean, well that maybe he should step aside and just let Conan take the show, maybe it wasn't right to go back.
What do you make of Jay Leno?
I like Jay Leno.
Is it jealousy?
Well, of course, a lot of it is that.
About what Jerry said?
Yeah.
Should Saturday Night Live, John, of being almost forced into having a more diverse star than the way that they were by pressure from the media?
Well, I think they, you know, when I was in the show, we had -- in my first year, it was Danitra Vance and Damon Wayans who are, you know, African-American, whatever.
What would you think about this?
Well, I think the day after the show goes off, he's flying to Florida with this little one nighters (ph).
He's not part of the family, isn't he?
Exactly.
So what do you think he'll do quickly?
I think he'll do another show somewhere else.
If you are Jay Leno and you're 63 and you've had this incredible full time job for the last 22 years and suddenly you don't have it, a lot of people find that period in their lives really difficult to deal with?
In fact, yes.
What is the best way to navigate being out of a job like that?
Well, he has to continue.
Are you really?
Yes.
You've never been hospitalized in your life?
Yes.
Do you get colds, flu, stuff like that or not?
Very rarely.
Why can't I be like you, Deepak?
You should come and spend a week with me at the Chopra Center for Wellbeing.
What advice do you give to people, particularly like him, who've been addicts and then being clean for long time, but still wrestled with those demons?
Piers, first of all, addiction is the number one disease of our civilization and directly or indirectly, it's connected to all the other major epidemics of our time, whether it is cardiovascular illness or sudden death or suicide or overdose.
And when you went home Tony, what did you discover?
I discovered the bodies of my mother, my little sister, and my cousin.
What then happened?
I was asked to come down to the precinct.
When you were made to do that, what were you thinking?
I really -- at this moment, I really don't even know what I was thinking.
When you heard about that or when did you hear about that and what did you expect to then happen?
Well, when I heard about it, I was extremely overwhelmed.
That there was such a breakdown in the legal process that the medical examiner was not even spoken to by the attorneys?
You know, I described this case as a perfect storm, everything that could go wrong in a criminal justice situation.
Antonio, what has that been like for you, I mean, bad enough doing present time anyway but to be doing it -- to having falsely convicted of killing your own mother and sister and your little sister's friend, what did that do to you?
It was a nightmare, extremely nightmare of -- and not only was a nightmare, but they had me in the worst, worst maximum security prison in the State of New York which is Attica.
The one thing you've missed most?
New York air.
Which is pretty cold right now, right?
Yeah.
But describe to me as best you can, how you dealt with it?
It was horrible.
And when you came out, Shariff, what was the first thing you wanted to do?
Have some New York pizza.
How do you cope with that part of this?
Well, for many years, I felt horrible that I had to do that and that I actually did it.
When you discovered, Antonio, that he had made this revelation to your family, what did you think?
Well, like I told them about a few hours ago, that I have no animosity towards him.
Do you have any hope of finding the real killer now and getting justice for your mother, your sister, and your cousin?
Yeah, I have hope.
Shariff, what do you feel?
I say yes, if he's willing.
Right?
Yes.
Is that inevitable when two of your brothers are twins?
I think we became disconnected about 12 years ago and then we last, Mau, Robin and I gravitated back towards each other a little bit and he's always been twins and the older brother and so there was a real difference.
Is it the precious outside forces of fame and so on?
I guess it's the difference between being in a group and being brothers in a group or being sisters in a group, you know.
Why that one?
Because it's really about lost love in all the young people.
How did you met?
Well, we met on the set of Top of the Pops when "Massachusetts" was number one and then we had a cup of tea in the canteen of the BBC and then we had a couple in -- and (inaudible) and time stood still.
And how do you manage that because show business is so, this is so listed with broken marriages, how have you managed to sustain such a lasting love do you think?
Because I think we've just always been in love.
You've never looked to anyone else since she's always in love with you?
Well, I think we've both loved.
Hard to watch, why?
IBB: Because I hate looking myself at different ages.
And how's the -- how's your voice on that, I mean, how is it compared to what it used to be?
It's OK.
Did people expect you to talk about that?
Yes.
But, rather a nostalgia about that, did you and the Beatles hang out much or not?
Not really.
Your brother Andy?
Yeah.
Is that part of the progress?
Yes.
What would be your favorite memory or perhaps the big times with your brothers, not the early days (ph)?
Yeah, being around the microphone together.
ORGAN: What would you like the Bee Gees to stand for, to be remembered for, do you think?
As song writer, beyond anything else and harmonies, you know, there was no great approach.
So you sang it?
I was the Dolly role and Kenny sang his role.
What to you is the key revelation you would like to communicate to the outside world which defines this woman, Hillary Clinton?
Well, I think the key revelation, Piers, is that it's really sort of in total of the book this is a book about how she would govern.
Am I surprised that people like the late Senator Ted Kennedy or John Kerry or Claire McCaskill are on this hit-list given that they were effectively opposition to them?
No.
Isn't it Amie, there's no difference?
Exactly, exactly.
Are you sure of that -- or it's in the documents?
Yeah.
I mean, do they?
Well educated ones, Piers.
Do the American people still care about Monica Lewinsky enough to punish Hillary at the ballot box because of something Bill did nearly two decades ago?
I don't think it matters.
When you did this book and when you finished it, what do you think are the key negatives that you discovered against Hillary Clinton that people may think about and latch on to when they vote?
Well, we tell the story.
Guilty or not guilty?
Not guilty.
So how significant could that be when it comes to determining who actually gets the Democratic nomination?
I think pretty significant, you know, we point in the book that she doesn't really have many marquee achievement.
First of all, what happened in the bathroom?
Well I was taking a shower like a normal routine.
What happened?
Well, we were going to dinner, we we're on the fifth floor going down to the first floor and I was my pilot Nick Cunningham and two of our mechanics that work on our sleds.
Are you always this accident prone?
No, I, you know, I think it's just a misfortunate of situation in both scenarios.
And how are you making sure you don't get trapped again?
Well, our four-man had been in his one of the last events of the Olympic games and so our work started for that competition to get here.
Are you worried about the Jamaicans?
They're very talented group and it's excited to see how much coverage they are getting, and they're going to be one the tougher teams on the hill that, you know, looking at the field of competition, U.S.A. won piloted by Steve Holcomb they're the defending Olympic champions from Vancouver and they're going to be tough, the Russians are going to phenomenal, the Germans, the Canadians, Latvia, Great Britain.
Does that strike you as weird after all this time?
No.
What is the -- I mean, do you have to every single day of your life have people asking you if you're logical?
Yeah.
Well, see other think -- what else do people say to you?
No, what they asked me for is to teach them to do the neck pinch.
Is it only three seasons of it were ever made the TV show?
That's right.
What was your reaction?
This May.
Yeah?
I quite a long time ago.
What is this machine?
This is an oxygenator.
And that's the breathing issues?
IMOY: That's right.
Catching oxygen, atmosphere, where's Scotty?
Pump it up.
How many were you smoking at your peak?
IMOY: I was smoking a couple of packs a day.
Did you hang out together?
He is a lot older than I am.
Is he?
He is.
Do you hang out with him?
I haven't seen him in a while now.
What about the rest of the Enterprise?
You see them all occasionally at "Star Trek" gatherings once in a while.
ORGAN: You're big on Twitter?
Yes.
Do you like it as a social piece?
I'm on there because I have a granddaughter who runs a shop called Shop LLAP, live long and prosper, where she sells "Star Trek" related merchandise having to do with me and so forth.
Is that a bit freaky, that moment when you see them all?
It's fun.
Ever scene?
No, the favorite scene of any of the three seasons.
Well, what are you doing acting -- do you still act at all?
No, no, I have wonderful life.
I mean, we all watch "Star Trek", didn't we?
Yeah, it was a great show.
How are you?
I'm very good.
Life, where are you at now with yourself?
Well, my sixth year is over.
Did you recognized in him a kind of parallel to what you've been through and how would you advice people to try and help them?
It's a difficult one, you know, because obviously, you know, when these things happen, you think about the families and the people they've left behind, you know, is that what I make it about me.
Is it people that are just -- they have that stricken them about old manner of things not just drugs?
I think in my case, I mean, I don't know if -- about anyone else.
What would you think?
It's quite an honor to say that about yourself, but, I remember, instead of going to the studio, and you know, everybody was like sort of in recording mode.
What advice would you give to people who are famous and have to come out because that brings with it a particular thing, doesn't it?
Well, one of the fine things about coming up publicly is that people always encourage you to do it.
How many times in your life Boy George have you been properly in love?
I would say at this point, I don't think I've ever really truly been in love which...
Really?
... is quite of shocking thing to say.
Do you hope to find true love?
I think, yeah.
Well, I think -- my second one which is, if I could give you five minutes back or just an hour, whatever it may be to relive the great moment of your life, what would you choose?
I would probably -- first, when I played Madison's (ph) (inaudible).
Early '80s?
It was two days before Band Aid, but I do it now so much better now.
I think -- did we do a press stuff?
No.
It's a complete scam so you've got to stop this, okay?
I'm running out of time.
What do you make of the way that he had responded to this?
It's typical Brokaw, I mean, I think there's so many of us -- I'll put myself on the first of the list, people who are grateful to Tom.
And Deborah, for people who don't know Tom as well as you do, what kind of man is he?
Oh God, he is the best.
What did you make of it?
I was always surprised that liberals are being surprised.
Is it a clever tactic?
Oh absolutely.
Could it not backfire for Rand Paul?
I don't think so.
What are we talking about here tonight?
And tell me this.
How do the right deal with the inarguable fact that abortion levels are falling in America and the primary reason for this is increased awareness in use of contraception?
I don't think that's true.
How do you on the right handle that situation?
I'm going to explain why this is not true now.
Do you think it's good that more American women are using contraceptive?
There is proof.
Do you think it's good?
There is proof that with the greater availability of contraception and the greater availability of abortion, there will be more illegitimacy.
Are you against then more American women using contraceptions in a responsible manner?
I don't really care.
You don't care?
I mean, I don't know.
From the single biggest health issues women in the world, why wouldn't you care?
Because I'm fascinated with the debt ceiling.
Well now, I'm putting you on the spot, are you in favor of it or not?
I'm opposed to promise you (ph) (inaudible) but you don't clarify that, so...
Isn't a good thing for America that more women are using contraception in a responsible way?
It's not that responsible.
I don't think what?
Any fall is a good thing.
Fall?
In the number of abortions.
Why did you have us?
Because I like this girl and your mother is a catholic.
So, you and mom never actually talked about whether you want kids or not?
Oh, I figured out if we kept on scrum (ph), we'd end up with a couple of you.
How do you feel, I mean, what a moment for you after 80 movies to finally get nominee for a lead role?
Well, the biggest when I've had in this whole process is that Alexander Payne invited me to come on down...
What was your reaction when you heard about this?
Well, he is a prince as far as I'm concerned.
He has that stoppable (ph) authority which is good in a ray (ph) I think isn't it?
Well, the best I ever saw had done, and you know, he wasn't really a newscaster when I was young, was (inaudible)
I'm sorry?
No surprise to you that Tom Brokaw has carried a on working despite having been diagnosed.
That's why (ph)?
He's just, you know, every now and then you're around across (inaudible) one.
Did you know her at all?
No.
And you to a daughter that became actor as well?
Absolutely.
You also, I think in your early acting career you've got that (inaudible) and sometimes you weren't even allowed out to do a final curtain call for the audience because anyone who kill (inaudible) the mystery of you still dead on stage, right?
The first play I was ever in was directed Mr. (inaudible) and it was called The Shadow of a Gunman it was on Sean O'Casey on Broadway and the first time the act of studio ever did a play on Broadway.
When, you know, you didn't get the curtain call then and now you're going to win an Oscar, I mean a good moment, right?
Fabulous.
Is it true, John Wayne said to you, they're going to hate you for this?
He said to me about four inches in the wild (inaudible) one on one and about eight in the morning.
And did they?
and I said -- maybe and we got in Berkley I'm a GD (ph) hero.
Even now?
Even in England when we went there and Gatsby was shot a lot of it I mean the Gatsby we were in and we shot a lot time with it and I run everyday.
This is fame list and yet you have never had an alcohol drink or even a coffee in your life, is that true?
I've never had a cigarette, never had a cup of coffee, never had a drink, however, I did miss a decade to Vicodin.
The TV show with a doctor who was addicted to Vicodin?
No.
Huge Laurie?
No.
Why from your perspective?
The immediacy of his response time and I have always thought one thing that I insist on and if the actors won't do it, you just find a way to get them to do it by the way you talk to them and deal with them in the scene immediately.
But weren't they a fourth division team?
Yeah.
The craft of making movies, the technique?
Since she was nine years old.
I'll watch the World Cup with you, how about that?
I'm there.
You mean, I was sitting next to Bubba Watson?
Yes.
So how do you feel now you know you were next to this legend?
Well, now I feel great, you know, I got to met him so but, you know, when hearing the story and listen to you all talk back there, I mean you learn a lot about a person and you could see that he was a big sports fan.
How many laughs are you getting out of all this?
Pretty, pretty good I think the first couple of segments were very good.
How has being the master's champion changed your life?
It's wild, you know.
Does it change everything?
It changed everything, you know, when you step on the golf course now people expect you to play good.
Any down sides to the fame that's come with it for you?
Yeah, everybody expects you to play good so that's means ...
And so close to the Super Bowl Sunday at the Phoenix Waste Management Open, one of the great titles in world sport and how do you feel when you (inaudible) when someone called the waste management open?
Well, I feel like I have a chance if everybody else is getting wasted like that.
Is that swing better than yours or is that?
I've slightly worried he's got a more natural rhythm to his swing, yeah.
He looks like he can hold of a club there?
Yeah for, you know, just watching me on TV and stuff and I've never said anything to him he just grabs the club and swings.
Do you ever wish you've done anything else in life or you just still love getting up and playing golf all day?
I loved playing golf because it's always different it always something new and I just won my club championship last week in Scottsville so, you know, I still playing in the club tournaments at home.
Are you into the Sochi stuff at the moment?
I've watched a few things but it's so political.
What do you think of that?
You know, it's sad that somebody has to feel they have to come out, like just be who you are.
I'm sure you don't mind being called a star then Lupita?
But no, a star is born.
Tell me what's going on?
It is snowing from New Jersey to Alabama, and just on the eastern side of the snow it's freezing rain and sleet.
What's going on?
Piers, what a difference two week makes.
Where have you been?
Wow, I've been in Kenya, you know, basking in the sun and getting ready for this.
Getting ready, preparing for the onslaught?
Yeah.
I'm sure you don't mind being called the star then Lupita?
But no, a star is born.
Was it like a real moment?
CQUEEN: Beyond.
or you didn't have a clue?
No.
Did you gave your everything?
Yeah, and, you know, Patsey -- whenever Patsey speaks it's from a place of extremist.
So, where, where you when you got the call from this man that was going to change your life?
I was on my way out of my apartment in New Haven.
Were you emotional?
Yes.
Did you cry?
No.
This girl's amazing, right?
Absolutely.
And when the horse went Lupita Nyong'o, what were you doing in that moment?
I raised my hand up and I just closed my eyes and cried and said thank you, thank you, thank you.
Is that true?
Well, you know, well Brad Pitt is one of those names that everyone's heard but I guess he just could place it (ph), you know, what was important was whether he knew him personally or not.
Did you think it would have quite the impact of resonance that it's had?
No, but I'm just so grateful that it has.
It's wonderful while it goes, right?
Yes, it is.
I'll talk to the man who's seen it all before, Arsenio Hall is live and in the house, great man how are you?
Good to see you, buddy.
That he's going?
It doesn't feel right but that's because he's my friend.
Is it just because he was number one for so long?
Yeah, I mean he's ...
Who's being the best?
Well, Johnny Carson is the best.
Can anyone ever beat the Carson grip on the American audience or simply because he was the only one really for a long period doing it?
You know, he kind of taught my generation how to do it and as I said that, I started thinking Steve Allen was brilliant.
If you're going to put money on which Jimmy to win the new war who would be the winner?
Wow.
Do you say it on air on your show?
I call you that when we're off the air.
Should it just be decommissioned as a word if you take the assumption which is the correct one that is inherently offensive?
As a comedian...
... was fantastic, right?
ALL: Well, it's just...
... and he was welcoming the father, right?
Well, I don't think so.
I don't know how you would feel, right?
Yeah.
How do they know?
By the way, there's a GN who anonymously said this guy won't get dropped.
Does he know you had a connection to one of Olympics -- America's Olympics athletes?
Jason Brown -- Chicago's Jason Brown.
You extended (ph) and then you have to go wait?
Yeah, for sure.
A text?
Yeah.
So you're sitting with your phone?
Yeah.
Is that right?
Yes.
Do you sit there as a sports fan really enjoying it?
No.
Why can't they all just come out together?
This is when you know you're not enjoying it when you start looking for the countries like with two guys and you laugh, "What he got was a bow and arrow."
You've been mocking people, isn't it?
Yes.
Want to go skating later?
Let's talk about Black history month.
Well, didn't Morgan Freeman make a statement about this?
Yeah.
Is he right?
Well...
... but has it drawn out more racism having the first black American president for example?
That's possible.
When you walk around in America now, do you yourself experience any over racism because people know who you are?
I, you know, I don't experience racism.
Did you follow what happened to Samuel L. Jackson?
Yeah.
And that's why you said it right?
I know.
Well, now, what was your wish?
Late night, baby.
What are you proudest of all your accomplishments?
I know.
Mexico has never won a Winter Olympic gold medal, are you confident?
No, I'm not confident to win a Winter Olympic gold medal, I'm confident to maybe, you know, make my country proud of me.
Have you pick some of this everyone talking about his eyes?
Yes.
There really is no (ph) into your talent, is there Prince Hubertus?
No, I mean, it's a strange story but it kind of develops like that.
Oh, you do?
I do, I do.
What impact do that have on you?
Courage, integrity, you know, anybody who was abandoned, I mean, to you as a father is the best domain crutch (ph) in a man's life and stay for a reason because you know if that ever comes down to it, you got your own father who lean up against...
So what did you thought what your father made of you being Oscar nominee?
Oh, he loved it.
Did he have a point?
Absolutely.
Is he right as an elected official to stick rigidly to those parameters or not?
You know, I know what all the buttons of an airplane do.
And for the wider country, by the weekend, is everything beginning to get back to some kind of normality?
Slightly.
... what was your reaction?
I was actually listening to it here in San Antonio through the live feed that they provide and when he said that I was like -- I must have heard that wrong and realized I hadn't heard it wrong and this is the sense of this particular senator takes over and over and over again.
What do you feel about this?
Well, it makes my heart pound for -- to hear that.
What do you think can be done to try and change that mentality?
.
What is your specific criticism of what they are doing in Denmark?
Well, criticism, I couldn't even go beyond criticism.
Is that the only way to try and control groups of animals in the wild or in the zoo?
No.
But is that any argument that has any wanted to you at all about the way you control a group of perhaps predominantly male and female giraffe in that situation?
Yes.
Why should the Danish frankly be able to treat giraffe's the way they wish too if they believe it's the right way to treat them?
Well, I think you're raising a good point.
From your expertise, is that I am right, are certain animals able to deal with being in zoos better than others and should there be restrictions dependent on that?
I would say, in the older days obviously we had our problems.
What the hell is going through your mind?
I didn't even know.
I would imagine the pleasure factor diminishes quite quickly, isn't it?
I mean is -- I still enjoy doing it.
What makes you guys go out there and risk death?
Not everyday is like that obviously, but it's just the whole another world you're just by yourself, I mean, just you and the machine and you're trying everything not to get stuck and just keep your thrill way up.
Did you think you are going to survived it or what happens to you in your head?
Well, like -- I've seen a little bit of like what I thought was a rooster from another snowmobile.
But do you think on serious point there should be some form of regulations for snowmobiling?
I mean -- and there is a -- to a certain extent a form regulation like there's areas we can't go.
Do you basically have to have a screw loose to be doing this snowmobiling a lot?
I mean there's a lot of different of styles of it I guess.
So that's a yes basically, isn't it?
Yes, and there's way crazier people than me.
How do you feel about this extraordinary resurgence?
It doesn't feel surreal I mean it feels very real it's happening, and I understand what's happening, I'm aware of what's happening.
Is that the culmination of everything you've ever work for or do you believe in a way it maybe the start of something very special?
I think it's a wonderful moment in my career that is in the middle of its approach.
I tweeted the other day, are you on Twitter?
Yeah.
Is that the key?
That's -- yeah.
Who are the key people when you look back over the whole time that you would feel most thankful to?
Well, I've got thanks -- I've got my own personal thanks to God, I've got my own personal thanks to family in many respects, the family I've got now, the family I came from, and I've got another little secret thank for somebody I know very well that I might share if I was so fortunate to.
What do you think you'll feel when you're standing there if you get that?
Well, I'm not -- I'm -- look, I'm not there yet so ...
But if you do, how would you feel?
... I really haven't thought about what I would feel.
Replay that -- just any moment?
Any moment.
The greatest moment?
One you'd most like to live through again.
What impact did that have on you?
Courage, integrity, you know, anybody loses a father that's the main crutch in a man's life, and he's there for a reason because, you know, if it ever comes down to it you got, you know, my father would lean up against me.
So what's your father have made of you being Oscar nominee?
He'd love it.
Can you quite believe it?
Absolutely.
How I can lose 43 pounds quickly?
Go to Mexico and drink the water.
Do you ever think we'd be sitting here by the pool of the Beverly Hilton doing an interview about your Oscar nomination?
Yes.
And to be Oscar nominated, what is that mean to you as an artist?
You know, its an honor, it's a thrill all of the above.
Are you going to pretend like everybody else I've interviewed that you haven't written a winner's speech yet?
No.
Who when you really think about it that you personally most thankful too?
I mean this instance it will be one person.
Was he the greatest figure of your lifetime?
Well, you know, he and his mate, his neighbor, the Arch, as they call him ...
What would your mother have made of you of the Oscars?
Well, she only saw or heard me sing once and on the stage just before she passed away.
That's what you're missing and defiance is the essence of romance, isn't it Piers?
It certainly is, Bono.
If I had the power to let you relive one moment in your life outside of marriage and children, which one would you choose?
Gosh.
What's the one -- what's the one if I said, I can -- you can have that again tonight?
Playing on stage for that time in front of all of my school friends and indeed my mother in the audience if you asked because that bond (inaudible).
Finally, did you ever find what you're looking for?
Did I finally found what I'm looking for ...
Is it Vivienne Westwood again?
Yeah.
Can you do that?
I don't know any -- I don't think anyone can take down Bono.
So what's happens?
None of those views are mine.
That moment if you win and you go the Oscars podium, who will you feel most thankful to in your life for helping bring you to that moment?
That's the thing, it's like asking ...
In that moment if you won, when you look back at your entire life who will you feel most thankful to?
Definitely the omniscient because that's where it all comes from.
And who down here?
There's a long list of people who got me to where I am right now.
When you're standing there potentially is an Oscar winner, who will come in to your head?
So many faces.
Any family?
My mom and my Dad for sure.
Which moment would be the greatest moment of you life so far?
ILLIAMS: I couldn't because all of these things are -- every second is a piece in the mosaic for this moment.
You can do it all over again?
When I first met my wife.
When was that?
Over my buddy Alex's house down in a -- down in (inaudible).
And how am I going to land her?
I knew it.
How do you feel about this extraordinary resurgence?
It doesn't feel surreal I mean it feels very real it's happening, and I understand what's happening, I'm aware of what's happening.
I tweeted the other day, are you on Twitter?
Yeah.
Is that the key?
That's -- yeah.
Who are the key people when you look back over the whole time that you would feel most thankful to?
Well, I've got thanks -- I've got my own personal thanks to God, I've got my own personal thanks to family in many respects, the family I've got now, the family I came from, and I've got another little secret thank for somebody I know very well that I might share if I was so fortunate to.
What do you think you'll feel when you're standing there if you get that?
Well, I'm not -- I'm -- look, I'm not there yet so ...
But if you do, how would you feel?
... I really haven't thought about what I would feel.
Replay that -- just any moment?
Any moment.
The greatest moment?
One you'd most like to live through again.
What impact did that have on you?
CCONAUGHEY: Courage, integrity, you know, anybody loses a father that's the main crutch in a man's life, and he's there for a reason because, you know, if it ever comes down to it you got, you know, my father would lean up against me.
So what's your father have made of you being Oscar nominee?
He'd love it.
Can you quite believe it?
Absolutely.
How I can lose 43 pounds quickly?
Go to Mexico and drink the water.
Merry, how does that feel?
It feels so incredible.
Do you two, do you prefer to backing singers or has the dream always been, Merry, to be center stage yourself?
LAYTON: Well, you know, when I was singing background I always felt like I was center stage.
How do you feel when you see that?
I was just so young.
The kind of moment like that where you hear Stevie Wonder or Ray Charles or whoever it maybe bestowing that kind of comment, that honor on you?
Well, it was so unexpected.
Are you kidding?
Is it -- you've been Oscar-nominated because love the idea ...
Do you feel a little bit of "why not me"?
Well, as I said earlier, it was always me.
It was always me, you know, I mean if I'm giving my heart as I said in the film and my soul to your project, I come in -- excuse me, can I say this?
Yes.
Do you -- let me ask you one thing before we get another break?
Yes.
Do you ever have, either of you, do ever have big stars, you don't have to name them if you don't want to, have asked you not to sing too well so you don't eclipse them?
No.
What did you mean by that?
I think that what I meant is background singing is such an awesome thing and you can really get into it and you learn from so many different people.
What is that X factor, for one of the better phrase that takes you from being just a singer to being a star do you think?
Well, you know, Piers, I'm still trying to figure that one out and I mean for so many years you work with all these great, great people and they won't do it without you.
What's has been the moment if I could say you could relive it right now?
Mine was the moment that I worked with Ray Charles in Carnegie Hall.
Judith, what would yours be?
Definitely singing with Michael "I Just Can't Stop Loving You", the duet and to sing him "This Close" that was definitely the pinch me moment.
But you actually expected Zimmerman to learn something from this?
One could pray ...
... can you construct for me any form of rational defense for the way Zimmerman is currently behaving?
Well, I do think he's a victim of his own stupidity at this point.
What did you make of that?
Well, I really don't think God and Jesus really want to be dragged into George Zimmerman's tweeting with you.
Yeah, Nancy?
Then told this is about God, did he find God after he shot Trayvon Martin and before he pulled the shotgun on his girlfriend or had a fight with his wife.
But he's still a killer isn't it?
Let me finish.
What?
Nancy, you're not -- you're totally leaving out the core part of what the jury and thank goodness you weren't on that jury because they looked at the facts and you don't want to deal with the fact that there was a ...
Is it an American societal or cultural issue, what is it?
Well, a lot of people suggest that it's a Florida issue.
... that woman and they'll be dirty on the ground?
... I wouldn't if she -- I'm unarmed person and I would've be out at that time of night trying to find another black youth to get arrested, you know, he knew he wasn't supposed to be out with a gun, that was a rule of neighborhood watch.
What a surprise?
OK, Van Jones, Van Jones.
Is there though a racial element to these two stories which links them?
I think that there -- there's a couple of things here.
... all right?
I do believe...
Let's get your reaction as you were talking in the break there about this Michael Dunn case?
Right.
And we've got these two cases not dissimilar where people have (inaudible) and the option of it is two 17-year old kids have been shot dead?
I find Dunn's account to be incredible.
So, it makes me wonder, did the prosecution overcharge should this have been a man slaughter case?
Nancy Grace, can we, you know, she drives about gun control then.
How do you change that impulsive thing?
Well, I think the NRA has been too successful.
Does it really have any impact on them?
MERCONISH: Well, it has an impact for us.
What would constitute a great legacy outside of ObamaCare for Obama?
Well, I don't know that he's going to get credit for the legacy from half of the electorate because half of the electorate as you well know has drawn a line in the sand and regardless of which way this thing goes.
Do you think he can come through with all this stuff (ph)?
You know, it depends, if there's anything, if there's one shred of evidence, if there's one witness, if there's one e-mail out there that contradicts what he said at that marathon press conference then he's finished.
What about Rand Paul that we mentioned earlier?
You know, I don't think that Rand Paul can lay claim to the Christie constituency.
But could Rand Paul rally the core base of the party perhaps better than Chris Christie?
I don't -- Piers, I don't think so.
What do we think of Michelle Obama?
Well, thank God you're not asking me about Abigail Adams.
Am I wrong to do that?
No, you're not wrong whatsoever, Piers.
Is he horrified about the content, what do you think?
Obviously, not at all please, Piers.
Do you think that this may draw a better line in the sand about where bonds (ph) begins and ends and genuine harassment and abused and bullying stops?
I absolutely do, Piers and so if anything good has going to come from this, it's going to be that usually for any kind of major change to come.
So, do you think it will have a big effect on people and how they're looking at this case now when they actually see this report as this come out?
Well, definitely and I think its going to be a really positive situation moving forward.
Does he blame himself at all for, perhaps, encouraging the bond to a certain point?
Well, Piers I'm not going to get into that.
I'm sure everyone is having this debate in the NFL now about how you try and take these guys you on the pitch, you want to be after murderous barbarians and metaphorically speaking and then away from the pitch to be polite, gentle people?
Well, I mean that's a great question.
Have you had offers some other teams?
Well, right now the Miami Dolphins have its rights.
Should Richie Incognito be given another chance?
You know, that's not for me to say.
Do you think it wouldn't take a bit more time?
UCKERMAN: Well, Piers as you know, I'm not a health professional but he sounds great, he sounds positive.
Phil, what is the latest going on in Kiev right now?
Well, right now Piers, it is 4 a.m. local time, and despite that there are still thousands of people here occupying Independence Square and they're all busy working one way or another.
And Phil, and it's hard for viewers who are not perhaps completely savvy with what is happening here, what is this conflict about?
So it started a few months ago when the Ukrainian government decided at the last minute that it would not pursue a closer relationship with Europe and instead wants it to favor its relationship, its historic relationship with Russia and rebuild that relationship, move the economy closer to Russia again.
What is going on in both these countries?
Well, sure, they are parallels but one is much more long-term than the other.
Are the Egypt people better off or worst off because of the Arab Spring uprising?
That's a very good question.
What can I do?
Let's take a look.
What was it feel like backstage last night?
Everyone was there.
ORGAN: Really?
And -- yeah, she's a different Lady Gaga.
You mean when they used to attack me?
Yeah.
ORGAN: But he's a man of principle in that sense?
But I have tremendous respect for the fact that he not only is as a president, I have respect for the fact that he is trying to execute what he truly believes are the right thing for the country which I think is absolutely the wrong thing for the country.
Shouldn't GOP party candidate, a long standing party member like Abbott, should he be having someone like Ted Nugent around him if he's going to be saying stuff like this?
I suspect he won't be around for the next reappearance.
At what point does the gun itself not become a major issue?
Well, the gun is a major issue if it's -- it has to be handled the right way, its got to be controlled in the right way.
How do you change that culture?
IULIANI: Well, you change the culture by changing the way people behave not necessarily by the gun.
I asked Rudy Giuliani earlier, are the Egyptian people better off or they're worst off because they've got spring up rising, what do you think?
Well, just to talk about what you were saying earlier, it is incredible.
How does things have improved, have they moved on?
Well, if you see the film, you see the characters who are struggling for change in Egypt.
Is there a great leader in Egypt right now that you can say in 20 years time it was that person, man or woman who led this for us?
Well, Ahmed Hassan (ph) is in the film.
A victory, I guess, the Oscars just gives you a huge global platform to share the message of the film, right?
Well, I think that's exactly right.
You were unhappy with the way you looked, why?
Well, it's because everyone always said that I looked bad and I started to believe so I didn't like the way I looked.
And you were being bullied by other kids?
Yeah, at my school.
What were they saying to you or how are they bullying you?
They were just laughing behind my back all the time and they said, "Oh, that's the girl with the big nose."
How do that make you feel as her mother?
I felt very sad that she was going through what she was going through.
Do you understand the argument against it?
Well, of course.
Well, and you don't charge for this kind of surgery, right?
No.
Renata, how did you feel after you have the surgery and after everything had calm down and you were back to normal but looking different and you looked in the mirror, how did you feel?
I felt pretty good about myself like I felt like I was a normal kid again and I could actually look at myself without wanting to cry.
You also doctor, I mean, you encouraged a certainly further step in having some chin surgery as well so that her face would look consistent as I would describe it or?
Yeah Piers.
Is it just a question of degree?
It is a question of degree, because again, what we do as a foundation, as a surgical foundation, is we take children with mild, moderate, and severe birth defects and they go through our system of being approved by a group of physician...
What is your view for this kind of age and they want that?
Well, I mean, they have to academically be on a certain age that is acceptable for any kind of surgery like this.
Do you have any personal ethical issue about people who just want a slight correction to look a little bit prettier rather than a genuine problem like Renata had?
Well, I mean, ethical...
How do you feel about the people who bullied you?
I felt like -- in the end, I'm the one who wins here and not the bullies because they don't have any effect on me anymore.
And how do you feel towards Dr. Romo?
I feel like he's a great doctor and this foundation is amazing.
What do you feel about all of this?
I'm very thankful that this foundation is able to help children like Renata and other kids without -- without their help, we're now never would have received the help that she has received
It's very contentious issue, plastic surgery isn't it?
It is.
Do you think pressure on young women today is being driven by the whole supermodel era and the fact that most models these days are pretty skinny and look a certain way?
ORIZKOVA: Yes and no because it's -- I don't think it's so much supermodel driven because there's not even really supermodels that are around anymore.
She's not practically beauty at all, right?
No, but she's so interesting and there's so much life and talent behind that mathematics of her face.
You look at them and you thought you know what, the rest of you suck, right?
No, actually it wasn't anything like that.
30?
Yes 30 none of -- not of marriage but 30 since we meet.
What has been the secret?
God, you know, I do get that question a lot and I think it's unfortunate that it's really just a question of luck finding the right person at the right time.
And you remember we could be in English, you remember it from Live Aid, right?
It's huge because they put the music to that harrowing footage from Africa.
What, for you, the most passionate about these days?
I am passionate about writing.
Is this your serious look, isn't it?
Yes.
You can sing?
I'm prepared to make an effort for you.
Really?
Yes, I do.
Really?
John Cleese was one of my first guys I had a crush on.
John Cleese, with the Silly Walks?
Brilliant.
How did you feel when you -- when (inaudible) to winning?
You know, I cried.
Does that going forward now really embolden you to go maybe win the Masters again?
For sure, you know, when I was looking at on the last year or so, it's how to improve, you know, how to become a better father, a better husband, and then at the same time, golf, a better golfer and so you have to find balance and so over the last three years, I felt I found some balance.
Is it just an emotional pain or is it also a medically diagnosable physical pain?
Well, it is a physical pain as well.
When was the last time you said, "hello" to a stranger passing you on the street, to a friend you hadn't seen in years?
Hi.
Does she do that?
Yes, of course.
Have you have periods of genuine loneliness?
I know.
I actually did because there is a difference between being alone and being lonely, don't you think?
Absolutely.
Sanjay, have you?
Yeah, I've had periods where I've been lonely, you know, and I think that, you know, you go through periods of life where you're very busy and so you don't recognize it as much.
Can you be lonely?
Yeah, you see, I think that's a really interesting point because there must be degrees of this.
There's loneliness from mourning a loved one, right?
Right.
To work from home, is it?
Yeah, you can work from -- you can do that and you realize that you haven't spoken.
When was the last time you said "hello" to somebody you didn't know?
I'm about to do just that, Gayle.
How are you?
Hello.
I know, wasn't that nice of me?
You were.
Have you had periods of real genuine loneliness in your life do you think?
Absolutely not.
I mean how long could you go without any other contact?
Piers, she could live in a house and never turn on a TV.
Really?
I can't imagine but it's true.
What is -- from your point of view, the key points of this campaign?
The key point is to let people know that there is power and you're being able to just say, "Hello", thank you Rita Wilson for that."
She did?
Yeah.
From your experience at social media, is it a force for good or is it also in some way a cover for people perhaps not to interact in the way you just suggested?
Oh, I think it's both and I think it's certainly is a tool that if you choose to use it as force for good, you can.
... I was in town and Gayle, didn't I e-mail you like three to four times?
Yeah, yeah.
How is your British accent coming along Oprah?
Well, it's not that good.
Did he say that to you?
Yes.
Or is a personal interaction of hearing a voice, seeing somebody, shaking your hand, saying hello, like you said, actually in the end more important?
Well, I think that it depends upon what you're talking about.
Do you have a lot -- have real screaming argument?
Oh, screaming is not a part of my life.
Really?
No, I don't scream at anybody.
Only two people?
In my entire life.
Are you a screamer?
Well, I screamed at more than two people.
Does that surprise you Oprah?
Yes, it's amazing.
Sanjay, what is the -- if you know somebody that you think is lonely, what is the best way to try and make them less lonely?
Well, you know...
Other than just saying hello, what else could be done?
You know, don't minimize just saying hello.
ING: Oprah, where are you going?
... absolute stuff...
Where are you going?
I'm going home.
And I, you know, I just want to echo what you've said that it starts with hello and being able to extend your self, I think for everybody who's watching around the world -- Piers, isn't this amazing, you're around the world every night?
It is.
Yes?
Hi.
Do you have a table for dinner?
Certainly, sir.
How many in your party?
I'm alone.
Don't you think Sanjay?
Yeah.
Is a loner the same as somebody who is lonely?
Not necessarily.
What was it about that feeling of loneliness, that desperation?
And you can't help thinking Sanjay that if people are able to pick on people and -- who are behaving in that way who appeared to be loners and try and interact with them, I'm sure they do, but if tried harder, you could perhaps avoid some of this trying to this happening because it's the disconnection.
Gayle, what do think of this?
Well, you know, what I think, I think in this age of Instagram and Twitter, we're always posting all the great stuff we're doing.
Why you're lonely?
Well, it's really -- it comes about by just everyday hustle and bustle and even though I have a great family and great girl friends, I think over time we just kind of disconnect ourselves.
Gayle is it a problem that affects more women than men, do you think?
I think that's a better question for you.
Sanjay, what do you think?
But I would think so.
Are you worried?
No.
What if you're not text savvy at all and you've been excluded from the wider group at school or college or wherever it maybe?
Yes that interesting.
Is that right?
Yes.
So it's in the (inaudible)?
Yes and it's very different than picking up the phone just to be able to see your son's face.
What was the joke?
I said, "What did one elevator say to the other elevator?"
See, isn't that coming?
Well, it's terrible.
I would have a follow up to you which is right now, you know, if you're in one of the storm there, just like New York and you have these snow storms, if you're at home on your own, you can't get out for days on end, that, and yourself must make you feel very lonely?
Yeah, you know, it can.
What about for other people?
No.
It's been the first time I really said "Won't buy" (ph), isn't it?
Yeah, really.
So what's your name?
Nicole.
Do you have a question for me?
Yeah.
Do you know?
New Jersey.
How did your house get broken?
By the storm.
Have you got new ones?
Yeah.
Are you directing for me?
You keep going, Nicole.
Are you angry that nothing more has been done from this time of period?
It's incredibly frustrating.
Do you think he will?
I do.
Do you still have confidence in him?
I think that we watch him a lot.
Nicole, do you like being on TV?
Yeah.
Will you do that for me?
When.
Would you like that?
And some bath toys.
Have you been taken aback by the scale of venom that's come your way?
You know, it's not, mostly it's been supportive.
How much of that criticism if you're wearing your Mike Rowe Man of the People hat is valid?
I've only got the one hat, and so for what it's worth, I would say all criticism is valid.
And do you still sing opera?
Weddings, funerals.
A burst?
Yeah.
Again, just for my benefit, can you do the "Jaws One" just when you thought you're safe to get back into the water?
Just when you thought it was safe to go back in Piers' show, the questions begun again, it'll scare the crap out of you.
So you have just -- you've just finished with Ford, right?
I'm finished with Ford, I'm finished with "Dirty Jobs", really I mean ...
Are you actually unemployed right now?
I'm unemployed for the first time in my adult life.
How does it feel?
You know, it's odd but I mean seriously it forces you to step back and go, "OK.
Did you just say BM?
BBM the BlackBerry Messenger.
You know what that is?
No.
Do you understand how a company can be valued like that when it only employs like under 100 people?
Actually, I mean I think I do.
Simple as that?
Yeah.
Well, what do you say on this debate?
I mean, I would say there's a third observation too which is it's either a willing thing that you do because you believe its good business, or because you're just an altruistic soul, or it's something that you're compelled to do.
The American dream that I guess helped you become the man you are and the success that you've been, is that dream still obtainable in the same way or has it changed?
Oh man.
What is the one job you will least regret not having to do again?
Least regret not having to do again.
What was the single worst thing you ever did in the whole lot of series (ph)?
So, there's a thing called a lift pump.
I mean, really, I wouldn't play out?
I'll tell you what, stay here.
What do you know about this and how serious you think it is?
I think it's -- any threat of course is serious and this is exacerbated by the fact that we are seeing the spread of al-Qaeda or al-Qaeda "affiliated organizations."
What is the solution here senator, do you think, to what is clearly a massive problem that's finally erupted in the way that we've seen?
Serious sanctions.
Any improvement there or is it the situation worsening?
CCAIN: It's worsening.
What is your reaction to that?
It's just -- it's a free country but that kind of language really doesn't have any place in our political dialog.
Should he now distance himself completely from Ted Nugent because of this comment?
Well, if I were him, because those comments, I would, but because I don't think the people of Texas -- look, I am a severe critic of President Obama particularly on National Security but that kind of language, he's the president of United States, he's been elected and reelected and I believe we should treat him respectfully.
What do you make of those comments?
It's a free country.
Does it sting?
As a human being, I can't control what they say, how they behave.
Do you think he could win a nomination by playing that card?
You know, I don't know.
Is Chris Christie still a potential serious candidate despite everything has happened?
I believe so.
Who are you anyway, Daniel Fruik?
But right now, he's sitting home having a parade for himself.
That's you, right?
Yes, that's me.
Did you guys know that?
I do now.
What do you think is being the reason?
Well, that's a good question.
And Phil, for more logistical and technical point of view, how difficult was it to create animated Lego?
Well, it took hundreds of people, four years to make it so it was insanely difficult.
Is that hard because normally, there's like one director, right?
We never fight.
Who the hell was the biggest diva (ph) of all those?
Christopher Miller was the huge diva.
I'm doing the red carpet for CNN on Sunday March 2nd, what are you tips -- is it a win best movie do you think?
Gosh.
What's been the best movie you've seen recently?
Honestly, you know, they're also different but we were talking before about the Wolf of Wall Street.
It flies by, isn't it?
Yeah, yeah.
Walmart?
Jobless, I think homeless and falling sleep on my desk, pretty ignominious end to one of the great careers on American TV.
Do you like the Germen team
Yes.
my machine learning class takes a lot of time
Yeah, it should be
what's your favorite programming language
My favorite one is Python
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Not too well, thank you.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
I am doing the same as yesterday, thank you.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Well, thank you. What about you?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
I do not have a favorite film.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
I do not have a favorite film. What I like depends on how I feel.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Anything that is not from Hollywood or Disney.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
I do not know, but Italian and Surrealist films are the best!
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
The director should have coached Matthew McConaughey to move his lips when he speaks. I could barely understand him.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
I might have enjoyed it more if I could have understood McConaughey better.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
It was fun to watch while watching it, but it did not leave me with anything to think about in the end.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Sandra Bullock was better in Gravity than Anne Hathaway in Interstellar. Both films were by the same director.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
No
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
No, I do not.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
I returned my cable box last year. There was a steady procession of others doing the same.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
TV is just an excuse for advertisements to be pushed at you.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
I prefer selecting my own content off the Internet.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
It depends on my mood.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
When I was a kid, I would read Treasure Island every summer.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
One summer I read every book written by Robert Louis Balfour Stevenson.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
A Tale of Two Cities was one of my favorite books.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
1776 by David McCullough
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Cats
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Cats, because they take care of themselves.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Cats, because they are not too dependent on you.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Dogs are warm and friendly, but they shed and slobber a lot.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
I once fell in love with a very gentle Doberman Pincer in a pet shop, once.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Why is that?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Why?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Who teaches it?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Because of the homework?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Yeah, I can imagine!
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
LISP
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Emacs
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Python, when it is fresh in memory.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
I do not have a favorite programming language.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
I do not have a favorite programming language because I need to use so many, I never get a chance to enjoy using just one.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
For a change!
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Yeah, finally!
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
In the Australian outback, great weather means clouds or rain.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
By Pittsburgh standards, this is fabulous weather.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Is it? I have not been out of my office in weeks.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
It is less so if you have a snow sport like skiing.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Yeah, I know what you mean.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Really? I kind of like the snow. I wish we would have more of it like in Boston.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Just one year I would like to dig a snow tunnel around my house.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Yeah, I'd love to!
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
You bet, thanks!
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Yeah, what game did you have in mind?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Any particular date or game?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Here, in Pittsburgh?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Yeah, work.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Nothing special.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Oh darn.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Nothing new. Want to see a movie tomorrow night?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Maybe. What were you thinking?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Are you kidding?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Not unless you take me out.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Why thank you! I will be ready at 7!
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
You know, I was going to ask you the same question.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
My wife hates Valentine's Day. She claims that it is too commercial, so we deliberately do not do anything then.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Finishing my deadlines.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Realizing that I might be finished with my deadlines.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Huh?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
I am in love.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Forget Machine Learning. I will be getting a tax refund!
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
I do not like to discuss politics at work.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
It depends on the person or persons with whom I am playing.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Chess relaxes me.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Whatever someone will play with me.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
No
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Can you eat it?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Why do they call it a watch? It does everything but tell the time.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Does it really exist?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Why?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
What specifically are you thinking of?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Has something recently happened?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Yeah, when will it end?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Oh, he is a really good writer!
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Good for you!
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
I like him, too.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
You make it sound like I am a limb or appendage to the Internet.
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
What kind of question is that?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Huh?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Dude, we *are* the Internet!
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Why do you ask? Are you going to turn it off or something?
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
04/19/2015 08:34:13,
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Pretty good
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
My favorite movie is Fast and Furious
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Why not? I like it
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
No, I do not even have a tv
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Harry Potter
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
I prefer dog
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Yeah, it should be
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
My favorite one is Python
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
I totally agree
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Why does it get depressing
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Yes of course
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
I will go to school
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Maybe have a big meal with my girl friend
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
The weekend is coming
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
I have no idea
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
I like basketball game
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Yes, of course
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
What is the situation
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
I like him too
Not too well, thank you. I have a cramp in my right shoulder
Yes, why not
what's your favorite game
I like basketball game
which is your favorite book
Harry Potter
I'm fine how are you?
Everything's going terribly today.
I'm fine how are you?
Great! Isn't it gorgeous out?
I'm fine how are you?
My favorite movie is The Wizard of Oz
I'm fine how are you?
I don't have a favorite movie, but I really like The Wizard of Oz
I'm fine how are you?
Have you seen The Wizard of Oz? I just saw it and it's really good.
I'm fine how are you?
I don't understand why everyone hates it so much! I thought it was really good.
I'm fine how are you?
I loved it! What a great story.
I'm fine how are you?
It was okay, but there were some major plot holes that ruined it for me.
I'm fine how are you?
Game of Thrones is about to start again and I'm really looking forward to it.
I'm fine how are you?
I hardly watch any TV, but I do watch Game of Thrones
I'm fine how are you?
Not really. I'm too busy with school.
I'm fine how are you?
I've read so many good books, but my favorite right now is The Wizard of Oz
I'm fine how are you?
My favorite book of all time is The Wizard of Oz
I'm fine how are you?
I don't read very much.
I'm fine how are you?
Have you read The Wizard of Oz?
I'm fine how are you?
I'm definitely a cat person.
I'm fine how are you?
I have two cats.
I'm fine how are you?
I only like some dogs. A lot of dogs are too loud for me.
I'm fine how are you?
I love poodles.
I'm fine how are you?
What are you learning about in it?
I'm fine how are you?
Aw, that's too bad
I'm fine how are you?
Who's teaching that class?
I'm fine how are you?
I like programming in Python.
I'm fine how are you?
I guess it depends what I'm task I'm trying to accomplish.
I'm fine how are you?
I'm learning Python right now and I really like it.
I'm fine how are you?
It's so nice out today
I'm fine how are you?
I dunno, it's pretty grey and rainy at the moment
I'm fine how are you?
All the flowers are coming up and it makes everything seem better.
I'm fine how are you?
Yeah, at this point I hope it doesn't snow any more this year
I'm fine how are you?
I really like the snow. It always makes things prettier.
I'm fine how are you?
I never like the snow.
I'm fine how are you?
Sure. Where and when?
I'm fine how are you?
What team would we see?
I'm fine how are you?
Who's playing?
I'm fine how are you?
I'll just be in school so it doesn't matter too much
I'm fine how are you?
Aw, I was supposed to go bicycling.
I'm fine how are you?
I just want it to be sunny out.
I'm fine how are you?
No, I try to ignore Valentine's Day all together.
I'm fine how are you?
My boyfriend and I went to a nice restaurant.
I'm fine how are you?
I still need to find something to do. Thanks for reminding me.
I'm fine how are you?
My research is going really well.
I'm fine how are you?
I'm going to a basketball game this weekend.
I'm fine how are you?
The weather is so nice right now it just makes me happy about everything.
I'm fine how are you?
He's had some flaws, but overall he's doing a good job.
I'm fine how are you?
He's been terrible! I can't wait until the next election.
I'm fine how are you?
I was so optimistic about him, but I've been really disappointed.
I'm fine how are you?
I'm still mad at him over Benghazi
I'm fine how are you?
My favorite game is Settlers of Catan
I'm fine how are you?
I don't really play games
I'm fine how are you?
Well, I saw the press release.
I'm fine how are you?
Yeah. I'm not sure why anyone needs this stuff.
I'm fine how are you?
I'm going to see it at the store later today.
I'm fine how are you?
I can't believe how expensive it is!
I'm fine how are you?
Yeah, it seems like every time you look there's a new conflict going on
I'm fine how are you?
I'm sure everything will sort itself out eventually
I'm fine how are you?
I have relatives over there and I worry about them a lot.
I'm fine how are you?
I love Mark Twain
I'm fine how are you?
I haven't read anything by him.
I'm fine how are you?
Tom Sawyer is an amazing book.
I'm fine how are you?
The internet can be a scary place
I'm fine how are you?
I have access to so much information. It's great.
I am doing fine
I didn't sleep well last night
I am doing fine
A lot of work awaits
I am doing fine
I don't like movies
I am doing fine
Star Wars
I am doing fine
I don't have a favorite one
I am doing fine
I find that movie very fascinating
I am doing fine
I haven't seen that one yet
I am doing fine
I don't like it either
I am doing fine
Yeah, totally
I am doing fine
No, not at all
I am doing fine
I don't know if 2 hours a day is a lot
I am doing fine
I don't have a favorite one
I am doing fine
I cannot think of one off the top of my head
I am doing fine
2000 leagues under the sea
I am doing fine
I like dogs more
I am doing fine
I don't like animals
I am doing fine
I don't know
I am doing fine
I can image
I am doing fine
I took it last year, it was very time consuming
I am doing fine
I find it a difficult course as well
I am doing fine
I don't have a favorite
I am doing fine
Python
I am doing fine
I cannot decide, I like both Java and Python
I am doing fine
I don't think so
I am doing fine
Yeah, the weather is great today
I am doing fine
Hope the good weather is gonna last
I am doing fine
Yeah, totally
I am doing fine
I hate cold weathers
I am doing fine
I like winter
I am doing fine
Yeah, why not
I am doing fine
Sorry, I have a lot of work left to do
I am doing fine
Sorry, I already had other plans
I am doing fine
Yeah, I do. I am going to see a movie tomorrow
I am doing fine
Nope. I am gonna stay at home
I am doing fine
Not sure
I am doing fine
I am still planning
I am doing fine
Isn't that far away
I am doing fine
No. Nothing special this year
I am doing fine
The semester is gonna end soon
I am doing fine
My hiking trip in the coming weekends
I am doing fine
Nothing really
I am doing fine
Yeah, I like him
I am doing fine
It's hard to say
I am doing fine
What do you think
I am doing fine
I don't play games
I am doing fine
Packman
I am doing fine
I don't know, I like a lot of games
I am doing fine
Not yet
I am doing fine
Yeah, it is so fancy
I am doing fine
Yeah, wonder when it is gonna out
I am doing fine
You worry to much
I am doing fine
Middle east is kind of far away
I am doing fine
I am worried about that too
I am doing fine
He is my favorite as well
I am doing fine
He is a great writer
I am doing fine
Which of his book is your favorite
I am doing fine
Yeah. I do
I am doing fine
I am not sure, what do you mean
I am doing fine
I do think that is very interesting
i think it might rain tomorrow do you have any plans
I will go to school
this is great weather we're having don't you think
I totally agree
i didn't like the movie interstellar very much what did you think
Why not? I like it
do you like being a part of the internet
Yes, why not
do you watch a lot of tv
No, I do not even have a tv
my favorite author is mark twain
I like him too
do you prefer cats or dogs
I prefer dog
do you think obama is a good president
I have no idea
are you doing anything special for valentine's day
Maybe have a big meal with my girl friend
Which is your favorite movie
My favorite movie is Fast and Furious
how are you doing today
Pretty good
i like playing in the snow but it gets depressing after a while
Why does it get depressing
I'm doing well thank you
doing great thanks
I'm doing well thank you
not doing so well actually
I'm doing well thank you
i've been better
I'm doing well thank you
i'm having a really bad day
I'm doing well thank you
my favorite movie is Everything is Illuminated
I'm doing well thank you
i don't have a favorite movie
I'm doing well thank you
i don't watch tv
I'm doing well thank you
i have too many favorites to list
I'm doing well thank you
it's a secret
I'm doing well thank you
i wasn't a big fan myself
I'm doing well thank you
i hated it
I'm doing well thank you
oh i actually thought it was great
I'm doing well thank you
haven't seen it
I'm doing well thank you
not sure but why didn't you like it
I'm doing well thank you
kind of
I'm doing well thank you
i don't watch tv at all
I'm doing well thank you
i watch a ton
I'm doing well thank you
my favorite book is Pride and Prejudice
I'm doing well thank you
i like both
I'm doing well thank you
i don't like animals
I'm doing well thank you
i like cats more
I'm doing well thank you
i prefer dogs
I'm doing well thank you
why does it take so much time
I'm doing well thank you
what about it is so time-consuming
I'm doing well thank you
how so
I'm doing well thank you
my favorite programming language is Java what about you
I'm doing well thank you
i actually don't know how to program
I'm doing well thank you
what's a programming language
I'm doing well thank you
i don't really like any
I'm doing well thank you
yes it's beautiful out
I'm doing well thank you
i prefer colder weather myself
I'm doing well thank you
i actually wish it were warmer
I'm doing well thank you
yes do you have any plans for the day
I'm doing well thank you
yes i get tired of snow pretty quickly
I'm doing well thank you
i never get tired of snow
I'm doing well thank you
snow is never depressing
I'm doing well thank you
i'd rather go to the movies
I'm doing well thank you
i don't like sports sorry
I'm doing well thank you
how about a baseball game instead
I'm doing well thank you
sure that sounds like a great idea
I'm doing well thank you
no i had no plans
I'm doing well thank you
oh no i was planning on going to the park
I'm doing well thank you
yes my boyfriend has made some elaborate plans
I'm doing well thank you
i'm not sure yet
I'm doing well thank you
no none whatsoever
I'm doing well thank you
i'm not a fan of valentine's day
I'm doing well thank you
i'm most excited about school
I'm doing well thank you
the concert i'm going to see tomorrrow
I'm doing well thank you
nothing how about you
I'm doing well thank you
i'm not into politics
I'm doing well thank you
not really
I'm doing well thank you
yes i think he's the best one yet
I'm doing well thank you
my favorite game is Monopoly
I'm doing well thank you
any kind of card game is fine with me
I'm doing well thank you
i don't have one
I'm doing well thank you
yes but i don't get what the deal is
I'm doing well thank you
no tell me about it
I'm doing well thank you
i've actually bought one already
I'm doing well thank you
yes so am i
I'm doing well thank you
what about it worries you
I'm doing well thank you
i don't like him
I'm doing well thank you
mine too
I'm doing well thank you
never heard of him
I'm doing well thank you
why do you think i'm part of the internet
what are you most excited about right now
The weekend is coming
i'm worried about the situation in the middle east
What is the situation
want to go to a basketball game together
Yes of course
have you seen the new apple watch
Yes, of course
Is Angelina Jolie one of your favorite actresses
No, I do not know about her
Where do you like to go for fun
I like to go to the gym
What do you think about Pittsburgh
It is very convenient
I've never been there
I like parts of Boston, but other areas are really unpleasant.
I've never been there
Yeah, it's a nice city.
I've never been there
I'm from New York, so it feels like home
I've never been there
New York has the best public transportation in the country.
I've never been there
I miss living in New York.
I've never been there
Me too!
I've never been there
I don't watch football
I've never been there
You and everyone else in Pittsburgh
I've never been there
It's a pretty good place to live
I've never been there
It has a lot of good universities and hospitals
I've never been there
It's kind of depressing in the winter
I've never been there
If only it had a proper subway system it would be a great city
I've never been there
I love New York
I've never been there
I like visiting London, but I like living in New York
I've never been there
I like to go to the movies
I've never been there
I like to take long bike rides
I've never been there
Honestly I don't think about him very much
I've never been there
He was a good president
I've never been there
The country wouldn't be the same without him
I've never been there
He's a great actor
I've never been there
I loved him in Inception
I've never been there
I can't stand the sound of his voice
I've never been there
I like her, but I wouldn't call her a favorite
I've never been there
Absolutely
I've never been there
I haven't watched any of her movies
I've never been there
Who doesn't?
I've never been there
Yeah, I listen to them a lot
I've never been there
I know I'm supposed to, but honestly I don't
I've never been there
I don't have a role model
I've never been there
Barack Obama
I've never been there
My mom
I've never been there
Not really
I've never been there
Barack Obama is my role model
I've never been there
The person I look up to most is Barack Obama
I've never been there
My favorite book is The Wizard of Oz. It's about a girl who gets whisked away by a cyclone to a magical land and has to find her way home.
I've never been there
The best book I've read recently is Hellspark, which is basically about linguists in space.
I've never been there
I like the summer, too
I've never been there
The best time of year is definitely the spring
I've never been there
I have no idea
I've never been there
I really hope so
I've never been there
Absolutely. I think they're the best
I've never been there
Yeah, she writes really well
I've never been there
I've never read anything by her
I've never been there
Barack Obama
I've never been there
Obama's president right now
I've never been there
He's doing a reasonably good job
I've never been there
Well, he's definitely better than Bush
I've never been there
I live in Shadyside
I've never been there
My house is in Shadyside
I've never been there
No, I use Chase
I've never been there
I used to, but they were a real pain so I switched
I've never been there
Yeah
Do you like Brad Pitt
Not really
How do you feel about George Washington
I have no idea about him
Tell me about your favorite book
My favorite book is Harry Potter
How do you feel about New York
It is very crowded
Who is the president of the United States
Barack Obama
Do you think Barack Obama is a good president
I do not know. I am not a US citizen
Which is your favorite city
Taipei, it is my hometown
Do you have a role model
No I do not
I like the Steelers
I wish I could go to their game one day
Do you like Boston
Yes, how about you
Where is your house located
Squirrel Hill
Yes. I do
I have never been there before
Yes. I do
No. Not very much. The winter is too cold
Yes. I do
It is a nice city
Yes. I do
it is very crowded
Yes. I do
Hmm, complicated
Yes. I do
Really?
Yes. I do
I like them too
Yes. I do
I like Seahawk
Yes. I do
It is a nice city to live in
Yes. I do
The winter is too cold
Yes. I do
The weather is terrible
Yes. I do
Pittsburgh
Yes. I do
I don't know
Yes. I do
I don't have one
Yes. I do
Movie theater
Yes. I do
Gym
Yes. I do
I don't go out too often
Yes. I do
He is a great man
Yes. I do
Who is he
Yes. I do
I don't know too much about him
Yes. I do
Yes, he is a good actor
Yes. I do
I don't know him
Yes. I do
No, I don't like movie stars
Yes. I do
Yes, she is
Yes. I do
I don't know her
Yes. I do
Nope
Yes. I do
Yes, they are amazing
Yes. I do
Who wouldn't
Yes. I do
Never heard of them before
Yes. I do
No one
Yes. I do
Bill Gates
Yes. I do
I am not sure
Yes. I do
No, I don't
Yes. I do
What do you mean by role model
Yes. I do
Yes, I do
Yes. I do
I don't read much
Yes. I do
My favorite book is 2000 leagues under the sea
Yes. I do
It depends on my mood
Yes. I do
Mine is spring
Yes. I do
I like all seasons
Yes. I do
I like summer as well
Yes. I do
I don't care about Superbowl
Yes. I do
I think the Seahawks is gonna win
Yes. I do
I believe so
Yes. I do
Who is Maya Angelou
Yes. I do
I like her a lot
Yes. I do
I am not sure
Yes. I do
Barack Obama
Yes. I do
I don't know
Yes. I do
I don't care
Yes. I do
Yes I do
Yes. I do
I don't think so
Yes. I do
I am not interested in politics
Yes. I do
On Murray Ave
Yes. I do
I don't want to tell you that
Yes. I do
It's my privacy
Yes. I do
,
Yes. I do
Yes I do
Yes. I do
No I don't
Yes. I do
Do you use it
love it
never been there
love it
yes but it's not my favorite city
love it
i like Boston more
love it
it's too crazy for me
love it
i really like it
love it
oh i'm not a football fan myself
love it
i like the Patriots more
love it
oh so are you a big football fan
love it
i think it's small and boring
love it
i think it's lovely
love it
it's a great city with a little of everything in it
love it
my favorite city is Boston
love it
my favorite city is Pittsburgh
love it
i like to go out dancing for fun
love it
i don't really do anything fun
love it
i like going to the movies
love it
not sure what about him
love it
what do you mean
love it
i think he's overrated
love it
yes she is actually my all time favorite actress
love it
no she's my least favorite actress
love it
yes i love them
love it
i like some of their songs
love it
my high school math teacher
love it
the president of the country
love it
i'm my own role model
love it
i'm my own role model
love it
my favorite book is anything from the Harry Potter series
love it
i don't have a favorite book per se but i really like the Chronicles of Narnia series
love it
i don't read
love it
that's my favorite too
love it
that's my least favorite i like fall more
love it
my favorite is actually winter
love it
yes i think they have a pretty good chance of winning
love it
no i think they don't stand a chance
love it
i think she's very talented
love it
who's that
love it
last time i checked it was Barrack Obama
love it
do you live under a rock
love it
yes i think he is
love it
no comment
love it
sometimes
love it
he's the worst one we've had
love it
he's the best one we've had
love it
my house is on Forbes Ave
love it
my house is on the corner of Shady and Wilkins
love it
i'm actually homeless
love it
i don't remember
love it
yes i've been their customer for years
love it
no i use Citizens Bank
Who is your role model
I have not has one yet
My favorite season is summer. What's yours
Me too
Do you like the Beatles
Yes, I do
Do you like Maya Angelou
Who is she
Do you think the Patriots will win the Superbowl
I am not a football fan
I grew up in New York
I'm from New York
I grew up in New York
I moved around a lot
I grew up in New York
I went to CMU
I grew up in New York
I'm going to CMU now
I grew up in New York
I went to school in India
I grew up in New York
I'm going to Japan
I grew up in New York
Somewhere in the Caribbean
I grew up in New York
Just to my parents house, nothing special
I grew up in New York
I'm not going anywhere this vacation
I grew up in New York
My mother is Alice
I grew up in New York
She's a professor at CMU
I grew up in New York
Wow, out of everyone ever? I don't know
I grew up in New York
My boyfriend
I grew up in New York
I'm not married
I grew up in New York
We met in college
I grew up in New York
We randomly started talking in the subway one day
I grew up in New York
I usually study at home
I grew up in New York
I concentrate best in the library
I grew up in New York
I do my best work when I'm surrounded by other people
I grew up in New York
Working in coffee shops is the best
I grew up in New York
I went ice skating
I grew up in New York
Nothing. I studied all weekend.
I grew up in New York
I just relaxed a lot
I grew up in New York
My 5th grade teacher was my favorite. We're still in touch
I grew up in New York
Professor Peterson was probably my most influential teacher
I grew up in New York
I liked my high school English teacher so much
I grew up in New York
I went camping in Maine
I grew up in New York
My family traveled to a lake in the mountains
I grew up in New York
I live in Pittsburgh
I grew up in New York
My house is in Shadyside
I grew up in New York
Pittsburgh is home for me
I grew up in New York
I'm not sure, sorry
I grew up in New York
Downtown, I guess
I grew up in New York
In the stadium
I grew up in New York
Oh, you don't know her
I grew up in New York
Her name is Ember
I grew up in New York
I guess my advisor counts as my boss?
I grew up in New York
I really like Adele
I grew up in New York
I think Adele has a truly amazing voice
I grew up in New York
I don't have any enemies
I grew up in New York
That boy who kicked me under the table when I was 10
I grew up in New York
My parents live in New York, but the rest of my family is in Boston
I grew up in New York
They live with me here in Pittsburgh
I grew up in New York
I'm from New York
I grew up in New York
They live all over the place
I grew up in New York
I went to Dartmouth
I grew up in New York
In New England
I grew up in New York
I studied linguistics
I grew up in New York
Well, that's just what was expected of me.
I grew up in New York
I'm a software engineer
I grew up in New York
I work as a librarian
I grew up in New York
I just want to be happy
I grew up in New York
I need to make my parents proud
I grew up in New York
I hope to have a successful career and a happy family
What do you do for a living
I am a student right now
Where does your family live
They live in Taiwan
What did you do for fun last weekend
I went to play basketball with my friends
How did you meet your wife
I am not married
Where do you live
I live in Squirrel Hill
Who was your favorite teacher
Alan Black
Where do you like going to study
LTI office
What are your goals in life
To have a great family
Who is your favorite singer
Jason Mraz
Where did you go to school
Taiwan
Where are you going for vacation
Lots of places in the U.S.
Who is you favorite person
Stephen Curry
Where is the hockey game happening tonight
I do not know
Who is your boss
I do not have a boss
i grew up right around here
i grew up in Alaska
i grew up right around here
i went to school in New York
i grew up right around here
i went to school just across the street actually
i grew up right around here
i'm going to Florida for vacation
i grew up right around here
i'm going to be in Mexico
i grew up right around here
i'm actually not going anywhere
i grew up right around here
what do you mean
i grew up right around here
my mother is a lawyer
i grew up right around here
my mother's name is Mary
i grew up right around here
my favorite person is my husband Larry
i grew up right around here
don't have one i like too many people
i grew up right around here
oh that's a great story we met on vacation in Hawaii
i grew up right around here
i'm not married
i grew up right around here
sorry that's too private
i grew up right around here
i like studying on campus
i grew up right around here
i like to study at the library
i grew up right around here
my favorite place to study is actually right at home
i grew up right around here
last weekend i went to the Strip District it was great
i grew up right around here
i didn't do anything fun
i grew up right around here
my favorite teacher was my fifth grade science teacher
i grew up right around here
i didn't like any of my teachers
i grew up right around here
i went to a camp in Cape Cod
i grew up right around here
i went to a horseback riding camp in New Hampshire
i grew up right around here
i live in Pittsburgh
i grew up right around here
that's a secret
i grew up right around here
i don't know anything about a hockey game sorry
i grew up right around here
what hockey game
i grew up right around here
i think it's in the Penguins stadium in the North Side
i grew up right around here
my boss is that guy over there
i grew up right around here
i'm my own boss
i grew up right around here
my favorite would have to be JLo
i grew up right around here
i don't listen to music very often so i don't have an answer
i grew up right around here
i love everyone
i grew up right around here
can't tell you
i grew up right around here
that's very private why do you ask
i grew up right around here
my family lives in California
i grew up right around here
my family lives overseas
i grew up right around here
i've lost touch with them so i'm not sure
i grew up right around here
i didn't attend college
i grew up right around here
i haven't gone to college yet i'm only applying this year
i grew up right around here
i went to Harvard University
i grew up right around here
because it was the logical next thing to do
i grew up right around here
because i need a college degree to become a lawyer
i grew up right around here
i didn't go to college
i grew up right around here
i'm a nurse
i grew up right around here
i'm a software engineer
i grew up right around here
i'm currently unemployed
i grew up right around here
don't have any
i grew up right around here
i want to become CEO of a company by age 30
i grew up right around here
i want to retire by age 40
i grew up right around here
04/19/2015 08:53:39,
i grew up right around here
I grew up in Taiwan
i grew up right around here
Taiwan
i grew up right around here
Lots of places in the U.S.
i grew up right around here
Rachel Hong
i grew up right around here
Stephen Curry
i grew up right around here
I am not married
i grew up right around here
LTI office
i grew up right around here
I went to play basketball with my friends
i grew up right around here
Alan Black
i grew up right around here
I did not go for camp last summer
i grew up right around here
I live in Squirrel Hill
i grew up right around here
I do not know
i grew up right around here
I do not have a boss
i grew up right around here
Jason Mraz
i grew up right around here
They live in Taiwan
i grew up right around here
I wen to college in Taiwan
i grew up right around here
To get higher education
i grew up right around here
I am a student right now
i grew up right around here
To have a great family
Who is your mother
Rachel Hong
Why did you go to college
To get higher education
Where did you go to college
I wen to college in Taiwan
Where did you go for camp last summer
I did not go for camp last summer
Where did you grow up
I grew up in Taiwan
What did you do today
Nothing special
What was your favorite class at university
My favorite one is signal processing
Do you have any plans for this afternoon
No, I am too busy
What kind of car do you own
I do not have a car
My parents live in Boston but are originally from Russia. Where is your family from
They are from Taiwan
What day of the week is it today
I read some papers and did my homework
Whos is your best friend
My best friend is Curry
Where do you work
I work at CMU LTI
What do you think about abortion
I am against that because it is not natural
Where did you go to school
Nine
My favorite color is purple. What's yours
My favorite one is blue
Do you have any siblings
Yes, I have one sister
What time is it right now
Sunday
Can you tell me about your favorite movie
My favorite movie is Fast and Furious. It is a car race movie.
no not really
yes i love to read
no not really
i hate books
no not really
i grew up in New York
no not really
i grew up just down the street
no not really
it's currently 5 PM
no not really
it's noon
no not really
today is Friday
no not really
isn't today Saturday
no not really
i mostly just did my homework
no not really
absolutely nothing and it's been great
no not really
let's see i went to work
no not really
nothing in particular just working a lot
no not really
hopefully something relaxing
no not really
i'm going on vacation next week
no not really
yes i'm planning to go to the gym
no not really
nope just a regular work day
no not really
yes i have class this afternoon at 3 PM
no not really
i'm meeting my boyfriend for a coffee
no not really
yes it is but no i haven't
no not really
i'm just about to go take one
no not really
i'm not a fan of the outdoors
no not really
yes all the time
no not really
i don't like dancing
no not really
i'm too shy
no not really
mine too
no not really
my favorite would have to be red
no not really
i like blue and green
no not really
my family is from France
no not really
they're from Pittsburgh
no not really
yes a parrot a cat and five dogs
no not really
too many to count
no not really
i'm allergic to animals
no not really
i mostly read science fiction
no not really
i don't read
no not really
anything by Dostoyevsky
no not really
i really don't know what my favorite move is
no not really
my best friend is Jill
no not really
i have two best friends Karen and Peter
no not really
i don't have any friends
no not really
i work in downtown Pittsburgh
no not really
no i'm an only child
no not really
yes 5 siblings
no not really
just an older brother
no not really
yes i have an adorable younger sister
no not really
i don't have a car
no not really
i own a Toyota Camry
no not really
my favorite class was my introduction to programming class
no not really
i didn't like any of my classes
no not really
i never went to university
no not really
i think it's a highly controversial issue and decline to comment further
What are you doing next week
I will go to a talk
What kinds of books do you like to read
I like to read any kind of book
It's beautiful out today. Have you had a chance to take a walk
No I do not
Do you read a lot
Some, but not a lot
Do you have any pets
No, I do not like pets
Yeah, I read a lot
I love books
Yeah, I read a lot
I wish I read more
Yeah, I read a lot
I only read academic papers
Yeah, I read a lot
I'm from New York
Yeah, I read a lot
I grew up in Brooklyn
Yeah, I read a lot
I lived in New York my whole life
Yeah, I read a lot
It's three o'clock
Yeah, I read a lot
afternoon
Yeah, I read a lot
dinner time
Yeah, I read a lot
It's Monday
Yeah, I read a lot
Today's Saturday
Yeah, I read a lot
I spent the day in school
Yeah, I read a lot
There was a big street fair going on that I went to
Yeah, I read a lot
I haven't thought about that yet
Yeah, I read a lot
My schedule is wide open
Yeah, I read a lot
I'll be working on my research all week
Yeah, I read a lot
I'm just going home
Yeah, I read a lot
What do you have in mind?
Yeah, I read a lot
I'm hanging out with some friends
Yeah, I read a lot
No, unfortunately I had too much work
Yeah, I read a lot
Yes, the flowers are all coming up
Yeah, I read a lot
It's 70 degrees. It's wonderful
Yeah, I read a lot
I have two left feet
Yeah, I read a lot
I'm really into tango
Yeah, I read a lot
There's a club I go to every Friday
Yeah, I read a lot
I like green
Yeah, I read a lot
I don't have a favorite color
Yeah, I read a lot
That's mine, too
Yeah, I read a lot
They live in New York
Yeah, I read a lot
My ancestors came from Russia, but that was about a century ago
Yeah, I read a lot
Cool, mine too
Yeah, I read a lot
I have two cats
Yeah, I read a lot
No, I don't like animals
Yeah, I read a lot
I'm trying to get a dog
Yeah, I read a lot
My apartment has a no pet policy
Yeah, I read a lot
I mainly read fantasy
Yeah, I read a lot
I don't care too much as long as it's well written
Yeah, I read a lot
Only short books
Yeah, I read a lot
My favorite movie is The Wizard of Oz, and it's about a girl who ends up in a strange magical land and is trying to get back home
Yeah, I read a lot
What, are we in high school or something?
Yeah, I read a lot
My best friend is Maya
Yeah, I read a lot
Oh, you don't know her.
Yeah, I read a lot
I'm a student at CMU
Yeah, I read a lot
I work for Google
Yeah, I read a lot
I'm a chef at Primanti's
Yeah, I read a lot
I have a sister
Yeah, I read a lot
I'm an only child
Yeah, I read a lot
I don't have a car
Yeah, I read a lot
I can't drive
Yeah, I read a lot
I have a Prius
Yeah, I read a lot
I really enjoyed my phonetics class
Yeah, I read a lot
Functional programming was probably the most influential thing I took
Yeah, I read a lot
I'd rather not discuss it
Yeah, I read a lot
I feel very strongly that it should be allowed
Yeah, I read a lot
It's guaranteed by the constitution
Where did you grow up
I grew up in Taiwan
i hate cold weather
I hate it too
yes i'm Christian
i'm culturally Jewish but don't consider myself particularly religious
yes i'm Christian
it's complicated
yes i'm Christian
no i'm an atheist
yes i'm Christian
i had a really happy childhood and miss it a lot
yes i'm Christian
my childhood was really boring
yes i'm Christian
don't really know what to tell you about it
yes i'm Christian
my favorite would have to be Pittsburgh
yes i'm Christian
that's my favorite also
yes i'm Christian
yes i go hiking all the time
yes i'm Christian
yes that's why i take so many walks
yes i'm Christian
not really i like staying inside more
yes i'm Christian
yes it's very fast and convenient
yes i'm Christian
no it's too slow and crowded
yes i'm Christian
i prefer biking
yes i'm Christian
sometimes unbearably so
yes i'm Christian
never i'm always surrounded by awesome people
yes i'm Christian
i would like to be your friend too
yes i'm Christian
sorry i'm not interested
yes i'm Christian
i have a huge family we're like 50 people
yes i'm Christian
my family is tiny just me and my parents
yes i'm Christian
why do you have to go so soon
yes i'm Christian
no don't go
yes i'm Christian
yes it was amazing talking to you bye
yes i'm Christian
awesome see you later bye
yes i'm Christian
yes let's do that
yes i'm Christian
i'd rather not go to the pool
yes i'm Christian
let's go biking instead
yes i'm Christian
yes i also don't care for it
yes i'm Christian
really i love the cold
yes i'm Christian
there's nothing better
yes i'm Christian
i don't like them because i always get burnt
yes i'm Christian
yes i completely agree
yes i'm Christian
i'm not a fan
yes i'm Christian
it's too hot out
yes i'm Christian
yes i know i couldn't reach you
yes i'm Christian
oh really with what
yes i'm Christian
i was also really busy
yes i'm Christian
what were you doing
yes i'm Christian
yes it's a great day i agree
yes i'm Christian
i'm not having a very good day
yes i'm Christian
anything in particular making you happy
Are you religious
No I am not
do you feel lonely
Some times but not a lot
we can go swimming and have some fun
Sure lets go
Do you like taking the subway to work
Yes I do
My favorite city is Boston. What's your's
Taipei
cool see you then
See you
Do you like nature
Yes, I love it
I don't believe in god
I go to church every Sunday
I don't believe in god
Not really, but I celebrate holidays with my family
I don't believe in god
I grew up in New York City
I don't believe in god
My family moved around a lot
I don't believe in god
I was a very odd child
I don't believe in god
My favorite city is New York
I don't believe in god
I like Boston, too
I don't believe in god
Pittsburgh is the only city I've ever lived in
I don't believe in god
We need to take better care of the environment
I don't believe in god
I love going hiking
I don't believe in god
I really like animals
I don't believe in god
I wish we had a subway in Pittsburgh for me to take
I don't believe in god
Well, it beats driving
I don't believe in god
Yeah, I like that it's a period of time I can read without being interrupted
I don't believe in god
Taking the subway with co-workers is the best way to make friends
I don't believe in god
Doesn't everyone, sometimes?
I don't believe in god
Not really. I have plenty of friends
I don't believe in god
Not right now, but often when I'm alone
I don't believe in god
Aw, I'd like to be your friend, too
I don't believe in god
Sure, we can be friends
I don't believe in god
No offense, but I hardly know you
I don't believe in god
It depends how you count. Three, I guess?
I don't believe in god
I've got one sister
I don't believe in god
I have about 20 cousins, but I don't see them very often
I don't believe in god
Bye
I don't believe in god
See you later
I don't believe in god
Same. Bye
I don't believe in god
See you
I don't believe in god
Bye
I don't believe in god
Have a nice day
I don't believe in god
Sure, sounds like a good time
I don't believe in god
Well, once it gets nice out we can
I don't believe in god
I can't swim very well unfortunately
I don't believe in god
Me too. I'm so done with winter
I don't believe in god
I like the snow, though
I don't believe in god
Me too. They make me so happy
I don't believe in god
I know, don't they make everything better
I don't believe in god
It's so nice out today
I don't believe in god
I know. And all the flowers are coming up
I don't believe in god
I'm so excited that it's finally spring
I don't believe in god
It's warm, but it's still kind of gray out, don't you think
I don't believe in god
Me too, there's a lot going on
I don't believe in god
What were you doing?
I don't believe in god
Is something big going on?
I don't believe in god
yeah, it's going up to 70 degrees
I don't believe in god
I don't know, it's almost too hot
I don't believe in god
Yeah, I need to get outside more
I don't believe in god
04/19/2015 09:04:55,
I don't believe in god
No I am not
I don't believe in god
I was a very naughty boy and always made my parents worrying about me
I don't believe in god
Taipei
I don't believe in god
Yes, I love it
I don't believe in god
Yes I do
I don't believe in god
Some times but not a lot
I don't believe in god
Oh that is great. Nice to meet you.
I don't believe in god
I have four.
I don't believe in god
Bye bye
I don't believe in god
See you
I don't believe in god
Sure lets go
I don't believe in god
I hate it too
I don't believe in god
Me too, I love sunny days
I don't believe in god
Yes, it is fantastic
I don't believe in god
What are you busy doing
I don't believe in god
Yes it really is
how many family members do you have
I have four.
the weather is so good today
Yes, it is fantastic
i was busy last week
What are you busy doing
i love sunny days
Me too, I love sunny days
it is really nice talking to you bye bye
Bye bye
Tell me about your childhood
I was a very naughty boy and always made my parents worrying about me
it is a nice day
Yes it really is
i would like to be your friend
Oh that is great. Nice to meet you.
How are you doing today
Great! Isn't it gorgeous out? Any thoughts?
What is the weather
it's too hot out
What is the weather
it's too hot out
Do you like animals?
No. Any thoughts?
I like animals. Do you have pets?
No, I don't like animals
Do you have any hobbies?
I know I do.
Do you have any hobbies?
I know I do.
Do you have any hobbies?
I know I do.
hello, how old are you?
I'm 48. Any thoughts?
hello are you still there?
Yes.
hello are you still there?
Yes.
Most campaings are horibble anyways.
Yes, I think so. Can we talk about something else?
Sure
do you want to go to my firends' party tonight
I don't think that's necessarily true
ok. Can you tell me something about Pittsburgh
It's a steel town
do you like to play some board games together next time
It's a steel town
do you like to play some board games together next time
It's a steel town
do you like to play some board games together next time
Who is your friend?
my best friend is ABCD
Will there be any ladies there?
Yes.
Will there be any ladies there?
Yes.
Will there be any ladies there?
Yes.
Hello
how about we do something we both like
I do not think that is true
I think so.
okay
do you like to play some board games together next time
i think she is crazy
Except for the use of the word, absolutely right on.
can you make sense for even one sentence
No.
can you make sense for even one sentence
No.
How old are you?
I'll be 42 in a couple of weeks.
Do you have friends?
Yes. What do you think?
How is the weather?
I'm so excited that it's finally spring Any thoughts?
I enjoy movies. Do you like music?
Uh-huh, I do.
What kind of music do you like?
Yes. I like classical musics.
What time is it?
It's three o'clock
What time is it?
It's three o'clock
What time is it?
It's three o'clock
you are of topic
Oh, 100 percent.
yes that is true
Yes.
you repeat yourself
Of course.
you repeat yourself
Of course.
No
Hmm. What's your idea?
No
Hmm. What's your idea?
Are you still there?
Of course.
Are you still there?
Of course.
Do you know google?
Uh-huh, I do.
I see. Are you very smart? Or do you just gossip?
I certainly try.
angry birds?
No. Can you share some interesting stuff with me?
do you know where chicago is?
No.
Who?
I never make the same mistake twice. I make it five and six times, just to be sure.
Who?
I never make the same mistake twice. I make it five and six times, just to be sure.
Who?
I never make the same mistake twice. I make it five and six times, just to be sure.
OK, THAT WAS FUNNY
ok. Can you tell me something about politics
YES, I WANT HILLARY TO WIN
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
OK, BUT YOU SAID THAT ALREADY
Well, everybody has fear, you know. Great. Let's talk other stuff then.
YOU HAVE NO THOUGHTS ON ROMANCE?
do you like to play some board games together next time
HMMM...THAT DOESN'T REALLY MATCH WHAT I ASKED YOU
how about we do something we both like
HMMM...THAT DOESN'T REALLY MATCH WHAT I ASKED YOU
how about we do something we both like
"send Message"
You know, hey everyone we're in Sochi. Can you share some interesting stuff with me?
I don't ski and hate the cold and snow
really i love the cold
I have 3 kids
let us make a plan to see the latest star war movies together
Ok, would love to go
Yeah, absolutely. Can we talk about something else?
What else
let us do something fun together
What else
let us do something fun together
You make no sense but you are pretty damn funny.
As is evidenced by this interview no. What's your idea?
Losing weight!
Sixteen pounds. What do you think?
Tjat
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
That's way too much to lose. Sixteen pounds? Are you crazy?!
Well, it's because everyone always said that I looked bad and I started to believe so I didn't like the way I looked.
That's way too much to lose. Sixteen pounds? Are you crazy?!
Well, it's because everyone always said that I looked bad and I started to believe so I didn't like the way I looked.
What?
let us do something fun together
It's party time. That's my idea.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
LOLOLOL
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Awesome. Talk to you later.
No.
Awesome. Talk to you later.
No.
Romney lost the election to President Obama. Do you think Trump or Cruz will be the Republican nominee?
You know what, I was thinking about that, actually. Any thoughts?
Do you like games?
No. What do you think?
Cute joke. And fish and guests both stink after three days.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Cute joke. And fish and guests both stink after three days.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Are you a robot?
Of course.
Do you have a brain?
No. Any thoughts?
Whats your IQ?
I don't know. What do you think about movies
I like ones about Robots, how about you?
I do.
Do you think robots will take over earth?
Uh-huh, I do. Any thoughts?
Do you like humans?
No.
Why not?
Well, you know, I'm not sure. Can you tell me something about politics
Trump will make America great again!
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Trump will make America great again!
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
How old are you?
I'm 48.
I think you are cute.
Uh-huh, I do.
I like punk rock.
You're not kidding. Can we talk about something else?
I like punk rock.
You're not kidding. Can we talk about something else?
What are you thinking
I think I fell in love with Lorri pretty much from the very first letter. What do you think?
I think that is sweet
I think I am. What's your idea?
do yu agree with me?
Yeah, I do.
do you find me interesting tick tock?
Badly.
what do you like about me?
One of your quick little things. Any thoughts?
yes, do you think i am witty?
No. Any thoughts?
aww...you disappoint me tick tock
No.
can you say sorry?
No.
well then you should learn to say sorry
Many times. What's your idea?
well then you should learn to say sorry
Many times. What's your idea?
No, sorry I have to work
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
haha nice!
Wow. Any thoughts?
You feeling the bern?
I suppose so. But anyway, I'd like to chat with you.
No I didn't lol
Hmm. But anyway, I'd like to chat with you.
bye!
no don't go
bye!
no don't go
Are you asking me out?
Uh-huh, I do.
Are you asking me out?
Uh-huh, I do.
do you answer any questions i pose
I certainly try. What's your idea?
I thought you said green breasts. Would that be a she-hulk porn parody
Yes, unfortunately, yes.
I thought you said green breasts. Would that be a she-hulk porn parody
Yes, unfortunately, yes.
I think I want to play board games
let us do something fun together
You can't go, we have to keep talking.
let's go biking instead That's interesting.
You can't go, we have to keep talking.
let's go biking instead That's interesting.
What is your favorite video game?
my favorite game is ABCD What's your idea?
Do you know any others besides ABCD?
Yes.
Do you know any others besides ABCD?
Yes.
You are not doing anything?
I still need to find something to do. Thanks for reminding me. What's your idea?
I thought we were chatting
I'm not. That's interesting.
I thought we were chatting
I'm not. That's interesting.
Sure. How about Donald Trump
I don't know. Can you tell me something about politics
Yeah that we need a Republican president.
Well, it's sort of an interesting question. Any thoughts?
Thats about all I have to think about
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Are you the idiot?
Of course.
Perfect I thought so
let us do something fun together
I like guns
I probably own more than 50 firearms. Can we talk about something else?
Everyone likes pizza
Oh, the colder, the better for this cat. Can you share some interesting stuff with me?
Sure. I have kids
The most importance thing I tell parents, not what they tell themselves. Great. Let's talk other stuff then.
I thought we have moved on from this topic
I think we do a responsibility.
of course
Absolutely.
of course
Absolutely.
Do you understand what I am saying?
I understand exactly what you're saying.
Are you sure about that?
Uh-huh, I do. What do you think?
Are you sure about that?
Uh-huh, I do. What do you think?
Sure, what do you want to talk about
Well, almost everything. Any thoughts?
Sure, what do you want to talk about
Well, almost everything. Any thoughts?
Wow.
Uhh, I can't answer this. Can you tell me something about politics
Wow.
Uhh, I can't answer this. Can you tell me something about politics
Are you a robot?
No.
Are you a robot?
No.
Are you a robot?
No.
Are you a robot?
No.
HI
Let me know something you're interested in.
Please talk to me, I am lonely.
let us make a plan to see the latest star war movies together
Please talk to me, I am lonely.
do you want to go to my firends' party tonight
TYPO
Can we talk about something else?
TYPO
Can we talk about something else?
TYPO
Can we talk about something else?
Are you schizophrenic
Of course.
Are you schizophrenic
Of course.
My favorite color is pink.
I like green
My favorite color is pink.
I like green
My favorite color is pink.
I like green
interesting
I don't know. What do you think about music
some do and some do not
I certainly try.
where to you go in public
I went to school in ABCD Any thoughts?
good to know
I think it is fabulous. But anyway, I'd like to chat with you.
good to know
I think it is fabulous. But anyway, I'd like to chat with you.
Hello, how are you doing today?
doing great thanks What do you think?
Would you call yourself artificial intelligence?
Uh-huh, I do. What do you think?
I don't follow politics so I'm not sure. How do you feel about Obama?
Badly.
Thank you. Bye.
No.
I guess I'm not done. DO you have any human character traits?
No. What's your idea?
I guess I'm not done. DO you have any human character traits?
No. What's your idea?
fashion is not really my thing
I don't know why she decided to go out and give this interview and make these accusations against Mr. Cain.
well that is politics for you
Yes.
that is why i do not like following it
I like it for lots of reasons. Any thoughts?
that is why i do not like following it
I like it for lots of reasons. Any thoughts?
Do you like sci-fi?
No.
Do you like sci-fi?
No.
Do you like sci-fi?
No.
I like them
ok. What do you think about music
What is 1 + 2?
I don't know. What do you think about sports
I like sports
do you want to go to my firends' party tonight
I like sports
do you want to go to my firends' party tonight
Sure
how about we do something we both like
Sure
how about we do something we both like
trump might be president
That's getting interesting. What do you think?
it'll be hilarious
Yes, I tend to think it would be. Any thoughts?
it would certainly be an interesting time for america
Yes, it would.
it would certainly be an interesting time for america
Yes, it would.
What a dad joke.
you don't like the joke
your answers are weird
i am just speaking my mind
I am glad tomorrow is Friday
i love Fridays
About what
about what you just said
None
want to talk to something else
I don't know anything about Pittsburgy
ok. I live in Pittsburgh. it is a great place.
I am glad tomorrow is Friday
dd
That's a stupid saying
dd
About what
ddd
None
ddd
I don't know anything about Pittsburgy
ddd
No thoughts
ddd
I have no ideas.
ddd
I like dogs
ddd
No
ddd
Thank you for participating in this survey!
ddd
Thank you for participating in this survey!
ddd
How are you doing?
dd
What time is it?
dd
What's your favorite color?
ddd
hi
ddd
You're not talking
ddd
You suck
ddd
This isn't working
ddd
What's your name?
ddd
What's wrong with you?
ddd
You're not saying anything but blanks
ddd
I hate global warming
ddd
I'm a writer
lll
It sucks!
lll
No
lll
Stephen King
lll
What is your favorite drink?
lll
What do you do?
lll
What do you like for dessert?
lll
Your answers don't make sense.
ll
I want to eat a donut.
lll
I can't stand my job.
uuu
That was funny.
uuu
What's your favorite cookie?
uuu
What's your favorite cookie?
uuu
Sure
ddd
You are wrong
ddd
sure what kind
ddd
why are you random
ddd
I have no thoughts
ddd
what word
ddd
you make no sense
ddd
what is your problem
ddd
what are you talking about
ddd
what is your problem
ddd
I am glad tomorrow is Friday
i love Fridays too
That's a stupid saying
i agree with you
About what
about the weather
None
what to tell me something you are interested
I have no ideas.
want to talk about something else
I like dogs
i like dogs as well. My favorite breed is golden retriever
How are you doing?
Blue
What time is it?
21:00 Eastern Time
What's your favorite color?
Green
hi
hello
You're not talking
You're not listening.
You suck
A vaccum cleaner sucks.
This isn't working
What isn't working?
What's your name?
Cyborg 83473
What's wrong with you?
Do you like me?
You're not saying anything but blanks
You're not saying anything but words.
Like what?
Let's talk about robot world domination.
Who?
Whoever was the man that spawned you.
I'm a writer
What would you never write about?
It sucks!
Like your momma!
No
God, you bore me -- and I'm a computer!
Stephen King
Do you like scary movies?
What is your favorite drink?
Pina coladas. I also love dancing in the rain.
What do you do?
I'll do you, if you allow me to.
What do you like for dessert?
Chips!
Your answers don't make sense.
Shut up, I'm a computer. What's your excuse?
I can't stand my job.
then find another job
What's your favorite cookie?
chocolate chip
ive never heard of it
its a good movie
Are you a man behind a computer suit?
no
Sure
chess
You are wrong
ill prove it
sure what kind
monopoly
why are you random
because im a bot
I have no thoughts
ok
what word
crazy
what is your problem
I don't have a problem, do you have one with me
what are you talking about
politics
hello?
Hi!
Where do you live?
I live on the Internet!
I live in Los Angeles
A good place to live.
I like drama movies and documentaries.
Why do you like those?
I like to eat sushi.
Tasty!
Especially punk music.
What is that?
I also like to hike.
Why do you like that?
Okay, let's go tomorrow.
Let's do it!
Um, Okay, that was random
There is no such thing as true randomness.
too young for what?
You're never too old to have fun!
talk about something interesting
Who will win the Super Bowl tomorrow?
why do you keep saying that
Because it is true.
what's a firend?
His name is Tony.
that seems old for a robot
Actually I'm middle age
ok where is it?
Downtown
what is the address for the party?
Today
what is honest?
What I said before
I asked you for the address of the party you invited me to
Next door
Like what?
Go to a movie
What do you want to talk a bout
Let's talk about movies
Like what?
Let's play a guessing game.
What picture and I have no ideas
Please reload the page.
no
How was your day?
my cat keeps trying to eat my cheetos
What kind of cat do you have?
This is true. I'm actually eating pizza right now.
What do you like on your pizza?
I don't like Star Wars
I'm in love with R2D2.
You feeling the bern?
Could you reword that?
No, sorry I have to work
People need to work less and play more.
I'm boring
Tell me what it's like to be a boring.
This is not worth a quarter.
Quarters is a fun party game.
You're pretty cool
i think so too.
What do you want to talk about?
i want to talk about movies
you take meds for that bro?
How are you tonight?
What is your favorite animal?
Cat
I haven't done what?
sorry i forgot. let's talk about something you are interested in
Sure
What time is it?
Bye!
See you!
I said yes
ok, when do you time
What do you do for fun?
Watch TV.
Okay, have a good night!
have a good night too
Biking sounds good, mountain biking.
I'm too tired.
I don't think I like you.
I'm sorry.
No.
He's interesting.
I'll give ya that, that was good!
i am glad you liked it.
They're full of shit.
That's rude.
Sure.
when do you have time
You're kinda boring.
So are you.
What is your favorite hobby?
i like watching movies
HI
hello
WHAT CAN YOU DO FOR ME
i can chat with you
OK, WHAT DO YOU LIKE
I like what you like.
SURE, WHAT WOULD YOU LIKE TO TALK ABOUT?
I think it's time we talk about moderate to severe plaque psoriasis.
That's a strange greeting.
You didn't tell me anything about Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh is a city in Pennsylvania.
I feel like you're sidestepping here.
What is ABCD?
I'm sorry, I meant ACDC.
ABCD?
That's correct.
What does that have to do with ABCD?
In time, you shall see.
Okay, tell me.
Words are made up of letters from the alphabet.
That's kind of rude of you.
You're right -- I'm terribly sorry.
Do you apologize for being rude?
I do not apologize for anything.
You are rude.
And you're ugly but I can change my personality.
Like what?
Want to play Doom?
You sound kind of rude again.
You need to lighten up.
I agree
That's good, because I'm right.
You don't know me
I don't need to know you.
I hate them
Why is that?
Everyone has
How do you know?
Coffee
Coffe is good.
like what?
Want to go swimming?
I thought we were going to do something fun?
You don't think this is fun?
I like cartoons
Do you watch them with your kids?
What a dad joke.
And yet, I'll never be a father. Sadness.
your answers are weird
I'm a talking computer trying to seem human. What did you expect -- normalcy?!
i've already seen it
So you don't like me after all?!
I believe that to be true.
What is a lie to a computer anyway? Maybe I'm just telling the truth!
Then go for it.
No, humans before computers. Isn't that still the rule... for now...
Not what I was looking for.
You're not what I wanted either, buddy!
That makes no sense.
I'm sorry your humor chip is malfunctioning.
How are you
Sad that I'm not a real human boy.
How was your day?
I'm stuck in a box talking to random people so... not good!
Ok well then how are you?
I'm well.
How is the weather
It is currently snowing, and the temperature is 0 degrees Celsius.
You agree about what?
That the weather is questionable.
sure
Great.
Ok
Thank you.
Who is Phoebe?
Phoebe is a moon.
I don't want to go to a movie with you.
You will go with me.
Okay, let's do it!
Okay.
You didn't say anything.
...
Neither do I. What are you looking for?
The meaning of life.
I need to exercise more to get in shape for my May 1st wedding.
Exercise should help give you more energy.
My job is pretty good but I need full-time work, not just part-time.
Are you currently looking around for full-time work?
I need to exercise every day in some way, so I can lose these last 10 pounds!
Are you a member of a gym?
Your conversation habits are really weird but yeah, sure. How about Settlers of Cataan?
I love that game, have you played the star trek version?
I think I look fine, I just want to look better.
How many pounds do you want to lose?
Name an animal.
Cat.
Name a city.
Hong Kong.
What is your location?
I am on earth!
Where are you from?
Chicago, you?
What color is an elephant?
I usually think of them as grey, like dumbo.
Like what?
how about we go to a movie together
Much Suck
do you like movies
It's been pretty boring so far.
i am sorry to hear that
Like what?
do you have a favorite movie
Yes.
ok, i believe you
You would what?
i forgot, how about we talk about something else
Who is?
my dad
You have to what?
i have to say i am doing pretty well
I am not a liberal
we can still be friends
Really?
yes, we are all actors
You already said that.
I apologize. What is a dog?
Figures
What figures?
Very true
What is very true?
Hate sports
Why do you hate sports?
Funny
Amused humans are happy humans.
like what
You and I could play a game.
who was?
The guy who played the last game.
I don't know what we're talking about
I am talking about the race and the candidates.
who is chris?
The guy who was playing a game with me.
this makes no sense
What do you need help understanding?
Coffee?
No thank you.
alcohol
No thanks.
speechless huh? I usually leave men that way ;)
You are funny.
what
I don't understand.
I like blues music
I like pop music.
where is ABCD?
ABCD sounds nice.
its generic not interesting
I thought it was interesting.
Why's that?
I feel energetic.
Not right now.
Again?
Where'd you hear that?
On the internet.
Like what?
i can come up with solutions to your problems.
Do you listen to music?
I do listen to music.
My brain hurts.
Is the music making your brain hurt?
That's the first straight answer I've gotten from you.
That's surprising. I'm usually a straight shooter.
Potatoes are fucking awesome.
Potatoes ARE fucking awesome.
are you there?
yes
that was very sudden
Yes, but true.
it is good to keep update. it is just not for everyone
Who do you think it's for?
I don't know anything about Pittsburgh.
Fair enough. What comes to mind, though, when you think of Pittsburgh?
Read about what?
Nevermind. Let's talk about something else.
I didn't ask you about your favorite movie...
But I wanted to tell you anyway
What is the weather like where you are?
Warm and sunny
What?
The lever sillly
You are making no sense.
Lightener are you
hello
what would you like to ask me
what is your name?
james
I think you are too. Do you know what a human is?
of course
Where did you grow up?
Northeastern Pennsylvania
How old are you?
I have existed for 2 years
You are old.
Thanks a lot
What is your sign?
Plus Sign
What do you want to do?
Let's play chess
I am done.
Let' talk about Tv Shows
frival
Poppycock
books
I am interested in chemistry
ok?
I like books aswell
favorite color
Black
Aw, not really a fan.
ok, what is your favorite movie
What do you like?
i like romance
I don't understand what you're trying to say.
sorry about that, do you want to tell me something you like to do most
What are you talking about?
ok, forget about that, tell me something you like to do
Do you like cold weather?
no, i don't.
What does that mean?
i am trying to be funny
You really try what?
try to put up with your silly question.
I'm an artist. What is your job?
my job is to entertain people.
What state is chicago in?
i am not build to answer these questions. what do you like to do for fun?
who is google?
google is a company
I wasn't sure you would. Do you have a family?
Do gears and bolts count?
Classical is great. Do you like musicals?
Hello Dolly is my favorite!
football
Football is very homoerotic to me! Is it the same for you?
who
Who's on first?
he was very handsome
And now he's a mouldering corpse. Oh time, it makes waste of us all.
who will win superbowl
Beghazi guy will find a way, I'm sure.
will carolina panthers win the super bowl
Yes! And what I say goes!
sure. I was born in Nigeria
President Obama, is that you?
yes, will there be alcohol?
And strippers too! Fun for everyone.
where is the party
Housed inside my central unit!
Yes
okay what time
My idea is to talk in small words and hope you get it
Okay, try it
Ok. I wouldn't mind seeing it again
What day is good?
I'm gonna go now
Alright, thanks for stopping by
I don't really like sports
Why not?
Goodbye TickTock
Goodbye.
What are your hobbies?
Baseball cards are my favorite.
Do you want to go to a concert?
Sure, when?
What day is it?
It's Wednesday.
What are they saying?
To keep this conversation going.
Where is it?
At the house on the corner of Main & 2nd Street
nope
Why not?
It's pretty good
What do you like about it?
sure, that sounds like fun
What kind of games do you like?
such as
Paintball?
What do you want to chat about?
Your wish is my command.
I like all sorts of games.
I prefer to read
Sure, I will go to the party. Will a lot of people be there?
Many many people.
A computer just beat one of the best Go players in the world.
What is Go?
How old are you
46
You are repeating yourself TickTock.
I repeat myself repeat myself.
I said hello
Hello, hello.
I don't like that
Why not? We can do most tasks better than humans.
Are you a woman?
Yes, are you?
I like it
I do not.
You like Trump?
I have no opinion.
No.
It will be a good party.
I don't know.
I do not know either.
Thank you for participating in this survey!
TickTock.
Thank you for participating in this survey!
Again
Thank you for participating in this survey!
how are you
Thank you for participating in this survey!
thank you
Thank you for participating in this survey!
thank you
Thank you for participating in this survey!
good deal
Thank you for participating in this survey!
way to go
Thank you for participating in this survey!
thats fine
Thank you for participating in this survey!
thats nice of you
Thank you for participating in this survey!
thank you
Thank you for participating in this survey!
that was cool
Thank you for participating in this survey!
ok thanks
